The riots in Northern Ireland may have been sparked by Brexit , but tribal tensions were already rising The violence has also been a reflection of difficulties in deprived areas where many of the inhabitants are not in employment , education or training
Can we please agree on a name for the ‘ disquiet ’ in Northern Ireland ? “ Brexit riots ” seems appropriate no ?
Heartbreaking , poor dogs whoever made the decision for dogs to be used at riots needs put out of their job , absolutely no need
Jason , Mark and Richard Quinn ( died 12 July 1998 ) Lyra McKee ( died 18 April 2019 ) Four innocent victims killed as a result of riots in Northern Ireland over the years . End the & the other riots across the province before more families have to suffer . No more .
Starmer urges ‘ absent ’ PM to convene all-party talks over Northern Ireland riots
Northern Ireland 2016 : votes to Remain 2017 : the DUP fail to defend people 's rights 2020 : has economic sanctions imposed upon it by the Vote Leave Westminster Government 2021 : the riots begin
Anyone framing the riots in Northern Ireland as being `` Brexit riots '' are ahistorical twats who care only about Northern Ireland as an argument for Britain remaining part of the EU . The conflict goes deeper than Brexit , and you have a responsibility to think before you spew shit .
Anyone who or is part of the riots in Northern Ireland should be ashamed of themselves , I ’ m an army widow and I do NOT condone these acts of violence it ’ s shameful and a disgrace , enough blood has been shed all over STOP plz it ’ s not helping anyone
I am ashamed to be from Northern Ireland , life here is shocking . It is so normal for us to have riots when it shouldnt be , those things should not happen ANYWHERE ! It puts so many peoples lives at danger . Just because the police show up in their 'riot ' gear does not-
Am soooo happy we got all the family and relations out of NI a time back . I just worry bout all our mates there . Northern Ireland riots : Bus torched in more Belfast violence as British and Irish leaders call for calm
Northern Ireland riots : Bus torched in more Belfast violence as British and Irish leaders call for calm
In Northern Ireland a reminder to the PM that once the pandemic fades , the U.K. will have to face up to the long-term consequences of Brexit ! In city of Belfast riots & tension as PM 's deal with EU means N.I . legally in UK but in EU customs regime & the single market for trade !
and `` '' sent official delegations to Northern Ireland during the recent riots there to learn more effective rioting techniques from the pros and their experience .
For up to the minute videos of the riot scenes in Belfast follow Stay safe Freelancer .
got several texts from friends/family today asking about the riots in Belfast and not sure how I feel about being “ the Northern Ireland guy ” in people ’ s lives .
23 years after the Good Friday Agreement was signed would there be riots once again in Northern Ireland if hard Brexit had not happened ? Simples ...
`` Rioting and lawlessness has disfigured Northern Ireland for decades . Brexit is not an excuse . '' Says Theresa Villiers on . We 've had 2 decades of peace without riots since the GFA . Shameful Villiers , Arlene Foster and the other fail to accept responsibility .
Living in Northern Ireland is not realising quite how serious riots are getting until your friends from other countries start checking up on you with the phrase `` I heard what 's happening in NI , hope you and your family are safe ''
Theresa Villiers : the citizens of are just violent thugs who naturally riot for no reason ; what the British govt does simply has no influence . Thicker than a whale omelette .
In the end it ’ s always working class kids in neglected communities who suffer . Kids in loyalist communities incited by the DUP and groomed by paramilitaries . Kids in nationalist communities met with water cannon , a tactic banned outside Northern Ireland .
As Northern Ireland riots .... the pathetic buffoon plays the fool .
'The worst riot in years ' : Youths hurl petrol bombs at police who hit back with water cannon as violence breaks out AGAIN in Northern Ireland after 55 officers were injured in week-long cl ... via
Whoah ! Hang on . Riots in are the 's fault ? What now ?
The London and Manchester riots in 2011 were nothing compared to the last week in Northern Ireland
Police soak rioters in Northern Ireland . The riots are continuing this evening in Belfast .
Ah the 2020 ’ s - US President incites Riots with White Supremacists and UK Prime Minister restarts the Troubles in Northern Ireland . Nothing like progress
Northern Ireland riots : Bus torched in more Belfast violence as British and Irish leaders call for calm - CNN
Breaking : Northern Ireland riots are getting out of control now with heavy police presence .
'The worst riot in years ' : Youths hurl petrol bombs at police who hit back with water cannon as violence breaks out AGAIN in Northern Ireland after 55 officers were injured in week-long cl ... via
Northern Ireland Riots leaders call for calm after night of rioting . Protestant and Catholic youths in Belfast hurled bricks , fireworks and gasoline bombs at police and each other .
The sooner educational apartheid in Northern Ireland is abolished , the better . Then perhaps kids would have the chance to meet someone from ‘ the other side ’ before they end up facing each other in a riot .
Joe Biden intervenes after riots in Northern Ireland lead plus questions over Chancellor and Cameron texts and ‘ murder ’ of one of UK ’ s richest men - all make Friday 's national newspaper front pages .
Does the Home Secretary have anything to say about the Brexit riots in Northern Ireland ?
Northern Ireland is basically a pot full of decent people and a minority of nob heads . Riots are nothing to do with Brexit , all about gangs , unfortunately the thick scum bastards will ruin everything for the decent people
Yeah the riots in Northern Ireland are bad and all that but did you know the government closed all the gyms for `` our health '' ? ? ? ?
BREAKING : Riots in Northern Ireland continue this evening with thugs throwing bottles and bricks at the Police .
Northern Ireland riots this evening .
Another night of riots in Northern Ireland and hits the nail on the head
Belfast riots : From BREXIT to sectarian anger - the reasons behind the violence in Northern Ireland
'The worst riot in years ' : Youths hurl petrol bombs at police who hit back with water cannon as violence breaks out AGAIN in Northern Ireland after 55 officers were injured in week-long clashes involving children as young as 13 'egged on by parents '
Justification for the current riots in Northern Ireland .
These Northern Ireland riots have shocked me to the core
Not got a clue what started the riots in Northern Ireland but watching the news footage it seems it 's just wee guys who have absolutely no idea why they do what they do .
For almost a week scenes of violence familiar in have been stark warning of the fragility of a peace process that is under growing political & sectarian strain . Some participating in the riots are as young as 13
These tures of northern ireland riots are not great PR for the master of , are they ?
What is fuelling violence in Northern Ireland as riots flare in Belfast
For almost a week , scenes of violence familiar in Northern Ireland have been a stark warning of the fragility of a peace process that is under growing political and sectarian strain . Some participating in the riots are as young as 13 .
Do you want us to cover the riots in northern Ireland ?
So now the finally mention the Brexit riots in Northern Ireland but wait for it ... blame is pointed at the nationalist community . Seriously , all semblance of reality has left the building that is Broadcasting House
A seventh straight night of violence was underway in ’ s capital on Thursday , as riots continued amid tensions over and measures .
Sad to see the continuing unrest and riots here in Northern Ireland .
When the nightly riots began across Northern Ireland a week ago , it was mostly young men and teenagers from unionist neighborhoods skirmishing with police . Advertisement “ Last night was at a scale we haven ’ t seen in Belfast or further afield in ..
irish history , and the culture of northern ireland is way too complicated to summarise these riots as just `` a result of brexit ''
This week Beyond Brexit : Riots erupt in Northern Ireland and London ’ s equities trade drifts across the Atlantic
The White House has expressed concern over a week of riots in Northern Ireland , with Joe Biden joining Boris Johnson and the Irish prime minister in calling for calm after what police described as the worst violence in Belfast for years .
Northern Ireland riots : Bus torched in more Belfast violence as British and Irish leaders call for calm - CNN
ON AIR NOW : Pol is a resident of Northern Belfast and is telling Niall that he believes that the talk of a United Ireland is part of the fueling of the riots over the last couple of days
The riots in Northern Ireland actually include groups of Hooligan teenagers throwing petrol bombs onto a passing bus , whilst an innocent bus driver and passengers are terrified . Th is has zero to do with Brexit , paid agitators destroying the lives of decent people
Emergency talks have been taking place in Northern Ireland , after police said the recent violence was some of the worst riots they had seen in years . reports from Belfast .
Short blog on what I see in Belfast & possible macro causes for the riots . Covering : -The very serious possibility the British might have a real motive to withdraw from Northern Ireland -Why the Irish economy just is n't ready to take us yet ( 5min read ) .
Northern Ireland riots : Bus torched in more Belfast violence as British and Irish leaders call for calm
The BBC has tried to hide coverage of the riots in Northern Ireland . Awful how much they are trying to conceal the impact of the Conservative Brexit deal , especially so close to the local elections . Even the Daily Mail have given this story more prominence .
Looks like Brexit England is blaming the EU and sinn fein for riots in Northern Ireland colour us surprised
The UK 's Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis told LBC he has `` absolute confidence '' in the country 's police service after days of riots and disorder
This was Boris Johnson yesterday as riots in Northern Ireland increased . I ’ m not sure if I would prefer him in a fridge . Either way , his lack of leadership will be the downfall of the Union .
Riots in Northern Ireland Spurred by Brexit , Crime and Covid-19 Restrictions – The Wall Street Journal ChronLaw Criminal Law News
Youth of Northern Ireland : Please do n't riot . Throwing bricks and petrol bombs is not the answer .
Northern Ireland riots : Bus torched in more Belfast violence as British and Irish leaders call for calm - CNN
Can someone please explain to the Americans that what 's happening in Northern Ireland is n't anything like their shitty political nonsense ? Loyalists are n't Antifa Please stop putting your words on things you do n't understand This is n't like your riots
Northern Ireland ’ s in its riot and hijacking arc we love to see it : ) ) ) /a
Northern Ireland riots : Youths clash with police in second night of trouble in west Belfast -
The UK 's Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis told LBC he has `` absolute confidence '' in the country 's police service after days of riots and disorder
Northern Ireland riots : Bus torched in more Belfast violence ... -
The burning of a bus last night has prompted British TV news channels to finally catch up with riots in Northern Ireland , but they seem to have forgotten this quote from Doris .
Police says riots in on a scale not seen in Northern Ireland for years — 8 officers injured at an interface between royalists and nationalist areas
I talked to a colleague at work today who is based in Northern Ireland , to make sure he and his team were doing okay in light of the riots etc He said , as someone who was working before the GFA , that he and his colleagues were `` used to it '' And this left me kind of aghast
Youths hurl petrol bombs at police as breaks out again in one day after eight officers were injured in 'worst riot in years ' .
The Northern Ireland riots aren ’ t featured heavily on the BBC because the protesters haven ’ t torn down a statute of a slave trader .
This brought tears Bus drivers in Northern Ireland , call for politicians “ Enough is Enough ” , we are NOT going back to the dark days ” The people of Northern Ireland do not support these riots .
Boris Johnson , Michael Gove , Dominic Cummings , Nigel Farage , Conservatives , Brexiteers , Leave voters and Tory voters : you are all to blame for the riots in Northern Ireland .
Riots in Northern Ireland Spurred by Brexit , Crime and Covid-19 Restrictions
Belfast riots : Watch full PSNI press conference on disorder - Earlier on Thursday , the Police Service of Northern Ireland ( PSNI ) held a press conference following the sixth consecutive night of violence in Northern Ireland . Assistant Chief C ...
Are Northern Ireland 's riots this year caused primarily by Brexit ? If not , what are they caused by ?
Latest : The White House has expressed concern over riots in Northern Ireland that have been described as the worst violence Belfast has seen in years
the only solution to end the riots is a Customs union and a Free Market . Or we lose Northern Ireland
My drone photograph of the riots in Belfast , Northern Ireland yesterday
DAILY MIRROR - Politics : What is fuelling violence in Northern Ireland as riots flare in Belfast . Boris Johnson and Taoiseach Micheal Martin issued a joint call for calm after days of unrest , which has seen clashes on the streets or
NORTHERN IRELAND RIOTS ( VIDEO )
Belfast riots explained : What is fuelling violence in Northern Ireland ?
Belfast riots : From Brexit to sectarian anger - the reasons behind the violence in Northern Ireland | ITV News
London and Dublin call for calm after fresh riots in Northern Ireland via If only we would have been warned that this might happen . Oh hang on ...
During the protests my Facebook timeline was awash with cries of disgust . Riots in Northern Ireland and it ’ s all gone very quiet . Policeman are getting injured and property is getting damaged . Where ’ s the outrage ? Nope , nothing .....
Riot squad entering a Nationalist neighbourhood this evening , Springfield Road .
Fact is that Boris Johnson lied to the people of over his plans and that 's caused the riots . And Still remains silent
Brexit Latest : Equities Trading Drifts Out of London and Northern Ireland Riots - Bloomberg
Even french media are starting to extensively cover riots in Northern Ireland ...
Taoiseach , Boris Johnson and Joe Biden urge calm following Northern Ireland riots
This week Beyond Brexit : Riots erupt in Northern Ireland and London ’ s equities trade drifts across the Atlantic
A unionist among 64 million . I think you may be deluded . Northern Ireland is irrelevant to most people on the mainland . The Tories have always used unionists for their own political ends and they are not interested . Where the riots are looks a pretty poor and rundown area .
While burns ignores the riots & is out electioneering ahead of the local elections . Selfish bastard huffed & puffed there ’ d be no checks/controls between Britain and Northern Ireland in the 2019 WA just to get himself elected .
Really insightful article . A must read for understanding the context of in and the consequences of in .
Northern Ireland , government neglect , poverty , riots . Look at Donegal , do n't see any rioting in Letterkenny .
After days of violence , the Northern Ireland Assembly has been recalled from recess to hold an emergency meeting . Why are there riots in Northern Ireland ?
Boris Johnson ’ s lies cause riots in Northern Ireland . Anyone who voted for him is a c * * t. He is literally like a bull in a china shop , destroying our economy , the Irish economy , all so his hedge-fund pals can make a packet .
maybe Brexit that has sparked trouble , it maybe just that time of the year , it ’ s tradition in Northern Ireland to have a riot about something , this isn ’ t the way to deal with the problems , riots have been a feature in Ireland for decades , what ’ s it achieved , NOTHING
the riots in northern ireland are caused by paramilitaries not wanting the police to get involved in their drug activities , they do not give a shit about politics anymore
Bloomberg : Brexit Latest : Equities Trading Drifts Out of London and Northern Ireland Riots . via
Northern Ireland riots : Bus torched in more Belfast violence as British and Irish leaders call for calm - CNN > > it is disappointing when politicians do not recognize their predecessors ’ sacrifice & courage to weather dismay
Riots in Northern Ireland Why and what is behind it ? Join 8-9pm on Call 0345 60 60 973 . Why are the riots happening and what can be done to calm the situation ?
Another night of riots in Belfast Northern Ireland when will we learn - so sad so sad
If the history of Northern Ireland riots is ever written , this one wo n't merit a mention , writes Suzanne Breen
Riots in Northern Ireland Spurred by Brexit , Crime and Covid-19 Restrictions
riots : Police attacked and hijacked bus set alight as disorder breaks out in west
The riots in Northern Ireland today led me to look at the inception chart for Brexit . Not gon na attempt a full analysis right now . But I 'm immediately struck by the Saturn-Pluto conjunction right on the IC . That ... does not bode well .
1 . Meet UVF , to explain the problems with the Northern Ireland Protocol 2 . Watch UVF start riots on the streets 3 . Make shoe of condemning violence 4 . Claim NI Protocol must be set aside , because of ‘ violence ’ . Same old strategy , since 1921 .
Apparently , the riots in Northern Ireland are 'all on you , remoaners . Own it ' because 'you stopped May 's deal . We told you there 'd be trouble , but you would n't listen ' . Remarkable .
LIVE NOW ! There 's currently Riot 's happening in Northern Ireland , but we 're saying fuck it and streaming anyways . LEFT 4 DEAD 2 with my pal , Kyle ! Let 's GO
Who are Northern Ireland loyalists ? Unionists vs nationalists divide explained as Belfast riots continue Northern Ireland has experienced six consecutive nights of violence across Belfast , Carrickfergus and Derry
If anyone reading this is contemplating going out to riot in Northern Ireland tonight , if you ’ re going to set fire to a car , could you burn one that deliberately makes that annoying whooshing noise when it changes gear ? Thank you .
In Northern Ireland , riots and clashes with police continue amid a trade deal following Brexit . Protesters are unhappy with its terms , which impose restrictions and additional customs controls on the movement of goods between Ireland and the rest of Britain .
`` Spilling onto the streets . '' This is an interesting read from Northern Ireland about riots on the streets in loyalist areas of Belfast and Londonderry - and Brexit is the catalyst .
Joyous civic British nationalism in action . Bringing unity where the Irish & Scottish nats spread hatred & division . You have to laugh at the yoon media demonising indy supporters based on a few sweary tweets when British nationalists go on riots in Scotland & Northern Ireland .
Northern Ireland riots : Bus torched in more Belfast violence as British and Irish leaders call for calm - CNN
// general violence : : : northern ireland will talk about the rest of the UK 's issues and politics , but the second we need someone to help us , theyre fucking silent , there are literal riots happening , people are being dragged out of their cars , and having their cars set on fire
I have posted the riots in Northern Ireland on Facebook the responses are 1 it never went away 2 I 've seen it b4 it was always there 3 it 's nothing to do with brexit and the Border Any help showing the peace or riots after the GFA
Northern Ireland : Riots , torched buses , threat of civil war British journalists : OMG Harry and Meghan you guysss !
The Faith Caucus condemns Unionist violence in Belfast . These riots will only further inflame religious tensions and disrupt a delicate peace . All people residing in Northern Ireland , regardless of nationality or faith , deserve safety and security .
Remains trying to blame anything on Brexit . Pretty sure there has been riots in Northern Ireland every few years
Has anyone questioned our capacity to police Northern Ireland , while allowing riots to go on for nearly a week ? Immaturity of our politics has created clear weakness on law and order . I ’ m sure the PSNI are doing their best , but they are under capacity .
Riots in Northern Ireland Spurred by Brexit , Crime and Covid-19 Restrictions
Riots in Northern Ireland , fishing & other industries collapsing , exports to EU down 40 % , Brexit driving firms to the wall , unprecedented corruption , protests to be banned , one of the worst Covid death rates in the world . Makes you glad we did n't vote for chaos with Ed Miliband .
Riots in Northern Ireland Spurred by Brexit , Crime and Covid-19 Restrictions
Northern Ireland riots : UPRG becomes first loyalist group to call for an end to unrest LCC divided over support for violence . That ’ s progress , Northern Ireland style ! ⁦ ⁦
I 'll be talking to the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland at 7.05pm on to get his views on the riots of the last 6 days and what can be done to stop them happening again .
Can you imagine how the riots in Northern Irelands would have been covered if the youth were black ? ! Notice the empathy and understanding of the position of these young people . I 'm yet to see anyone talking about the damage to property , bad parenting , British values , etc .
This is so upsetting . , part of the UK I do n't understand the politics involved Touching a public bus ca n't be right
Hello Everyone , Petrol bombs thrown in Belfast as Northern Ireland violence continues
Well , the BBC News is leading on the riots in on the News at 6 .
’ s power-sharing executive is holding an emergency meeting in after another night of riots scarred parts of and ratcheted up a political crisis .
Northern Ireland riots live : Latest updates on violence in Belfast
Northern Ireland riots : Bus torched in more Belfast violence as British and Irish leaders call for calm - CNN saw their sixth consecutive night of violence as unionists and nationalists clashed with police
London and Dublin call for calm after fresh riots in Northern Ireland
Why are there riots in Northern Ireland ? I ca n't tell you . My audio essay for Patreon supporters .
If this is happening now because of Brexit and the border issue , I ca n't imagine how bad the riots would be if a United Ireland happens ... We do not want the troubles to return , but so far that may be too late .
While working in Sheffield 1998 Got a job in Belfast . Didn ’ t go for the interview . That time Omagh bombing . Always worried about Northern Ireland . We are in 2021 . Again riots . When will Law & Order fall in place in in this part of UK .
If you haven ’ t paid attention to what is happening in it ’ s because news isn ’ t covering it . There are riots and it ’ s scary for those living there .
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial
Northern Ireland riots : Attack on Belfast Telegraph photographer Kevin Scott condemned -
UK Prime Minister has been urged to convene all-party talks on after the sixth night of riots in the province left more than 50 police officers injured . By
Northern Ireland riots signal dark new chapter for Brexit via
Opening up options like sports for kids might be one to consider or discuss on radio regarding riots and bus burnings in Northern Ireland but nobody seems to have thot of that .
“ Loyalist anger at policing , a perception of nationalist ascendance ( ... ) Brexit , ( ... ) criminal gang activity , have fuelled the riots ( ... ) as Northern Ireland prepares to mark the centenary of its foundation dating from the 1921 partition of Ireland . ”
Northern Ireland riots : Violence masterminded by loyalist paramilitaries , say MLAs - via
Belfast riots : From Brexit to sectarian anger - the reasons behind the violence in Northern Ireland , by
Johnson urged to convene all-party talks following riots in Northern Ireland
Ah yes . The old reliable water cannons are on the roll again . Good enough for Northern Ireland but not for `` mainland UK '' . There 'd be no need for water cannons if the ppl responsible for inciting these riots calmed things down right now .
Cos Femi Northern Ireland was a modern Shangri-La before Brexit with no history of sectarian violence and annual riots starting in memorialising Easter ( 1916 ) and continuing through until July ( 1690 ) .
The pound in my pocket seems to be falling . Riots in Northern Ireland . Education discipline in the headlines . This really is like going back to the 1960s .
Police say Belfast riots on a scale ‘ not seen in years ’ as Tory Minister flies in for talks - that 's NI sorted ! ! Tories & DUP have failed the people of Northern Ireland !
Boris Johnson ‘ deeply concerned ’ by riots in Northern Ireland - YouTube
Members of the / watching children riot . Also anyone supporting them and cheering them on , we need to put these people on a list for exucation . Defo kiddie fliddlers .
Great explainer thread about why Northern Ireland is in crisis , with riots and an uncertain future , nearly 25 years after the Good Friday Agreement put an end to the troubles
Riots and clashes in Northern Ireland have laid bare the rising tension and anger in the country ’ s communities
I feel sorry for those impacted by the riots in Northern Ireland I really do . Theres so much going on there
Northern Ireland executive holds emergency meeting over Belfast unrest Chief constable briefs party leaders after political crisis intensified by another night of riots in Belfast
TW : Violence and riots related to the Troubles Catholics have started rioting now . As someone born between the GFA and the referandum , I 'm scared of Troubles 2.0 BBC News - Belfast : Rioting 'was worst seen in Northern Ireland in years '
Northern Ireland riots : Bus torched in more Belfast violence as British and Irish leaders call for calm
Riots and clashes in Northern Ireland have laid bare the rising tension and anger in the country ’ s communities
Northern Ireland executive holds emergency meeting over unrest Chief constable briefs party leaders after political crisis intensified by another night of riots in Belfast
London and Dublin call for calm after further riots in Northern Ireland via
There 's a protest a 2 minute walk away from my house tonight . Really hoping it does n't descend into another riot and it 's kept peaceful . Scary times in Northern Ireland right now . We killed each other for so many years I do n't want this chaos again .
This week Beyond Brexit : Riots erupt in Northern Ireland and London ’ s equities trade drifts across the Atlantic
Riots Break Out in Northern Ireland , Highlighting Brexit Tensions
Northern Ireland riots : Bus torched in more Belfast violence as British and Irish leaders call for calm
Riots in parts of Belfast were on a scale not seen in Northern Ireland in recent years , a police chief has said
Northern Ireland riots : Bus torched in more Belfast violence as British and Irish leaders call for calm
Northern Ireland executive holds emergency meeting over Belfast unrest : Chief constable briefs party leaders after political crisis intensified by another night of riots in Belfast Northern Ireland ’ s…
Northern Ireland riots : Keir Starmer urges ‘ absent ’ Boris Johnson to convene all-party talks
Somebody tried to “ both sides ” the riots in Northern Ireland with me today So naturally we talked it out On one side , loyalists annoyed about Brexit On the other side , a bus Quite the nuanced the discussion we had I can tell you
A few years ago some of us suggested might threaten the Good Friday Agreement and peace in Northern Ireland but dismissed it as project fear . Now we ’ re seeing the kind of unrest and riots we ’ ve not seen since the 90 ’ s .
I love when my country trends on Twitter , but just once I 'd like it to be about something good that happened here , instead of riots again .
Right-wing riots in occupied Northern Ireland : this is a complicated situation with multiple causes and in no way implicates the UK 's political system Right-wing riots in the Global South : these riots tell us these governments are fundamentally corrupt and have little support
My drone photograph of the riots in Belfast , Northern Ireland yesterday
Belfast riots : Police officers hurt as 13-year-olds join unrest in Northern Ireland
Northern Ireland riots : Bus torched in more Belfast violence as British and Irish leaders call for calm - CNN
Hello , this is about Northern Ireland . I am from the Republic so I have no idea how terrifying this must be . People are using petrol bombs , hijacking buses , burning the peace wall . I can only wish you are all as safe as you can be right now , I do not know what started these riots-
Acronyms . Who do they help ? PSNI . Are they `` particularly snotty nosed individuals '' ? Are they new to the troubles in Northern Ireland ? Is it any wonder that no one knows what the f * ck the riots are all about . I 'm sure there was n't PSNI last time the troubles kicked off .
Our main phone-in this evening will be on the riots in Northern Ireland . and I really want to hear from as many listeners in N Ireland as possible . 8-9pm on Call 0345 60 60 973 . Why are the riots happening and what can be done to calm the situation ?
For Americans , and youngsters : `` The Troubles '' refers to various attacks , bombings , riots , and general unrest between Northern Ireland/Great Britain , and Ireland proper , between the late 60 's , through the early 80 's .
This week Beyond Brexit : Riots erupt in Northern Ireland and London ’ s equities trade drifts across the Atlantic
Damn ! Last time Belfast was in the news for riots was , idk , ... in the 80s ? Well played London and Dublin call for calm after further riots in Northern Ireland via
Northern Ireland has had riots for 4 days . But I did n't learn about it in the - I found out on . What * is * on the NYT front page this morning , you might ask ?
Riots continue in Northern Ireland as leaders call for calm
In , burned a hijacked bus and threw gasoline bombs at police in in multiple nights of violence . The riots arose amid tensions over post-Brexit trade rules & worsening relations in the Protestant-Catholic Belfast govt reports
Given news in Northern Ireland today , of riots and bus hijackings , a flashback to 2016 . I took a black taxis tour ( covering sites related to The Troubles ) , signed a peace wall : 18ft high barriers separating mostly Catholic Republican areas from mostly Protestant Loyalist zones
This week Beyond Brexit : Riots erupt in Northern Ireland and London ’ s equities trade drifts across the Atlantic via
Northern Ireland riots : Bus torched in more Belfast violence as British and Irish leaders call for calm
Do n't blame poor little for riots , says , he 's trying his best and he 's only a baby ffs .
I do love relaxing with a nice glass of burgundy when watching the riots in Northern Ireland on TV
After the Brexit Northern Ireland lies .. The Brexit Northern Ireland riots ...
The Northern Ireland Executive has condemned `` deplorable '' riots in which 55 police officers have been injured during more than a week of violence . Get the latest on this story :
If people want to riot in Northern Ireland lets get the Army back on the streets to restore order . Scrap the Irish Sea border and stop pandering to Republicans who only want to encourage disorder .
Hey everybody ! I will be LIVE tomorrow ( first time in 3 months ) around 9pm UK time ( 4PM Eastern ) We 'll be going over the news of riots and violence in Northern Ireland and I 'll be taking questions on the history ! Maybe some call ins too . See you then
Northern Ireland riots : Keir Starmer urges ‘ absent ’ Boris Johnson to convene all-party talks - The Independent
Beyond Brexit : Riots erupt in Northern Ireland and London ’ s equities trade drifts across the Atlantic
Honestly , I 'm astonished that these riots have gone on for a week and no one has died . It screams volumes that this recent upset stems from Brexit more than it seems to stem from Storey 's funeral . Northern Ireland riots must stop before someone killed
This week Beyond Brexit : Riots erupt in Northern Ireland and London ’ s equities trade drifts across the Atlantic
Northern Ireland riots must stop before someone killed : Ireland 's Coveney
I 'm really sad about the riots in Northern Ireland . That 's all I 've got . Except , it 's so hard to know what 's happening on the ground . I just do n't want anyone to have to die or be seriously injured . Because you know people are scared .
What is fuelling riots in Northern Ireland ?
Northern Ireland riots must stop before someone killed : Ireland 's Coveney
Belfast .. Northern Ireland .. Riots .. Brexit .. United Ireland .. press ? `` Bus hijacked by protesters and set alight on sixth night of unrest in Northern Ireland ''
Just open up the gyms that 'll stop all the riots in Northern Ireland
The British continued to suppress Scotland and Northern Ireland , accusing them of riots for no reason . But the riots in Hong Kong expressed support .
The Briefing : assesses the threats to peace posed by
Not me having a little cry on the bus whilst I scroll through the coverage on the riots in Northern Ireland . Im speechless . It should n't be happening .
Starmer urges ‘ absent ’ PM to convene all-party talks over Northern Ireland riots
The Northern Ireland Executive has condemned `` deplorable '' riots in which more than 50 police officers have been injured during more than a week of violence
Guys , I ’ m not sure it ’ s altogether healthy to be asserting that there ’ s a news blackout on Northern Ireland ’ s riots whilst it ’ s the second story on the BBC website . Criticism where it ’ s due , absolutely , but there ’ s concern and then there ’ s laziness .
Northern Ireland riots : Bus torched in more Belfast violence as British and Irish leaders call for calm
Starmer urges ‘ absent ’ PM to convene all-party talks over Northern Ireland riots
Why are there riots in Northern Ireland ?
» Brexit Latest : Equities Trading Drifts Out of London and Northern Ireland Riots - Bloomberg
Northern Riots
This week Beyond Brexit : Riots erupt in Northern Ireland and London ’ s equities trade drifts across the Atlantic vía
another reason to separate Church from Education .
In this week 's news : Riots erupt in Northern Ireland and London ’ s equities trade drifts across the pond Read & subscribe to Bloomberg 's Beyond Brexit bulletin here
Violence must stop before someone dies : Irish FM laments scenes at riots in N. Ireland , says Dublin not to blame Dublin has promised to play its part in bringing an end to the unrest sweeping across Northern Ireland , calling on the EU to use the flexibi…
Belfast news live : Latest updates on riots in Northern Ireland | The Independent
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate
On the trending page , the Northern Ireland riots are finally on the news trending , which means we are spreading awareness ! Just remember to stay safe if you are in any dangerous area !
Belfast riots : What the violence in Northern Ireland is all about , as Stormont calls emergency meeting Britons knew exactly what they were doing when voting BREXIT ........ HM Prison MAZE will soon be in action again . Britain exposed .
Northern Ireland riots : Keir Starmer urges ‘ absent ’ Boris Johnson to convene all-party talks [
I 'm disgusted at the actions in Belfast . Not only Belfast but all riots across all of Northern Ireland . This is senseless . It 's bullshit kept alive by bigots & has grown to infect the young people of the future . Not my Belfast . Not my Nothern Ireland .
You got ta give Northern Ireland `` loyalists '' credit . Not every rat would riot to get back on a sinking ship .
Politicians in have condemned 'deplorable ' riots last night , which saw police attacked and a bus set on fire . An emergency meeting 's been held , and it 's understood the Secretary of State is on his way to Belfast for talks .
I have a fair few international followers here , a small look in to whats going on in northern ireland currently .. Riots are showing no signs of stopping either .
Starmer urges ‘ absent ’ PM to convene all-party talks over Northern Ireland riots
From what I can see on my TV , the average age of the ‘ rioters ’ in Belfast looks to be about fifteen . I suspect most of them don ’ t understand Brexit and don ’ t have a clue about the history of Northern Ireland - except that it ’ s always been OK to riot there .
Do n't worry Northern Ireland , despite all the anger & protest ; Brandon Lewis , representative of the gov't is heading to Belfast . Sure he 'll sort everything out . Lol .
So the lunchtime managed to report on the Northern Ireland riots and only mention Brexit once , fucking unbelievable .
tw // riots the lack of media coverage on what 's happening in northern ireland is sick , we need people to know the important things like the rioting , the burning vehicles , not that kim k is a fucking billionaire now . it really shows where people 's priorities lie , huh .
London and Dublin call for calm after further riots in Northern Ireland
Starmer urges ‘ absent ’ PM to convene all-party talks over Northern Ireland riots
Why is it just today I find out there have been massive riots in Northern Ireland for the last 6 yes 6 days why do I have to find this out on Twitter today , our news agencies and TV do n't deem this as important enough to mention it , or have they been gagged . Makes you . ? ? ? ? RodH
London and Dublin call for calm after further riots in Northern Ireland
London and Dublin call for calm after further riots in Northern Ireland
Northern Ireland riots : Assembly meets after week of disorder which saw 55 police injured - via
Only in Northern Ireland can I go for a walk and go past 3 riot sites on the way
Belfast news live : Latest updates on riots in Northern Ireland | The Independent
Irish Foreign Minister Coveney : `` Northern Ireland riots and clashes between loyalists and nationalists must stop . '' `` There needs to be a collective effort to try to diffuse tension . ''
Why are there riots in northern Ireland ?
The Independent : Northern Ireland riots : What is fuelling violence in unionist areas in Belfast ? . via
Consider the wall of media outrage over the entirely fabricated `` broken bones '' & `` collapsed lung '' injuries to police officers in Bristol a few weeks ago And compare with the minimalist corporate media coverage of the terrible riots spreading over Northern Ireland this last week
Northern Ireland riots : What is fuelling violence in unionist areas in Belfast ? - The Independent UK
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate
Belfast riots : What the violence in Northern Ireland is all about , as Stormont calls emergency meeting
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate - The blame lies squarely at the feet of and his debacle and lies !
Just cos your a Rangers fan doesn ’ t mean you ’ ve got to try to justify the loyalist riots going on in Northern Ireland
Women hold a peaceful vigil ... and the Tories , Police , right-wing have a meltdown . Right-wing 'loyalists ' riot daily ... silence from Bozo and co .
Why does he have to be told ? It ’ s impossible to get this disgusting piece of human detritus to do what ’ s right without being told ! Northern Ireland riots : Keir Starmer urges ‘ absent ’ Boris Johnson to convene all-party talks - The Independent
After a week of silence on the Northern Ireland riots , Boris Johnson finally deigned to actually comment on the situation , saying that he 's `` deeply concerned '' But if he 's as `` deeply concerned '' as he says he is , why on earth did it take him a week to even say anything ?
Nightly outbreaks of violence began last week in a pro-British area in Belfast . Watch DNL for more latest updates .
Something you won ’ t see in the UK media Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate - Reuters UK
A good explainer for the issues contributing to the riots in Northern Ireland
In 2011 , riots in London were the top story for days with the downfall of civilisation widely forecast . We 've now had nearly a week of rioting in Northern Ireland and the media is vaguely noticing that something 's up .
after being pelted with as continues - Evening Standard
Northern Ireland riots : and set on fire in Belfast - The Independent
Northern Ireland : and burned in sixth night of violence in West Belfast - euronews ( in English )
hurled onto bus in Northern Ireland disorder - The Telegraph
Keir Starmer calls on 'absent ' Boris Johnson to lead on Northern Ireland riots
: What is fuelling violence in unionist areas in Belfast ? - The Independent
Since no one seems to be talking about it and the news is ignoring it . There is serious riots going on in Northern Ireland . I know England is pretty good at ignoring the shit they do here but can you actually acknowledge this before we end up back in the troubles
Belfast riots : Community in shock at sixth night of sickening violence - NI exec to meet - Express
DISAPPOINTED by Adrian Chiles .... who interviewed about violent protest/riots in Northern Ireland who seemed disinterested in mentioning BORIS or BREXIT but whose only suggestion for its cause as “ recreational violence ” ( ! ! ! ! )
UK govt calls for after anger over & Brexit sparks riots in Belfast ( ) -
Brian Rowan : Once again , the of Northern Ireland is in a mess and violence has won out -
Belfast riots : What the violence in Northern Ireland is all about , as Stormont calls emergency meeting
over Brexit blamed for Northern Ireland violence - The New European
Belfast riots talks amid anger at 's - Mirror Online
rocks Belfast for another night , threatening region 's uneasy - CBS News
Who are the loyalists in Northern Ireland and why are they rioting ? - The Independent
Belfast riots : as Executive hold emergency meeting to discuss violence
Belfast Riot Shows Brexit Dangers Ahead - Bloomberg
the riots in northern Ireland in recent days show that the fire is burning , perhaps the issue of irish unification is the only solution ..
After 7 nights of riots secretary goes to for talks with political leaders . Bit like closing the barn door once the horse has bolted . Just shows do n't care about and showed it .
Northern Ireland : 41 officers injured during riots , says PSNI – Yorkshire Bylines
Images of the in .
'6th night of trouble in Northern Ireland ' This is the myth . The riots in my town have never stopped , they just are n't widely reported . Maybe it 's because they are n't loyalists .
Starmer urges ‘ absent ’ PM to convene all-party talks over Northern Ireland riots
Starmer urges ‘ absent ’ PM to convene all-party talks over Northern Ireland riots
Northern Ireland riots : Keir Starmer urges ‘ absent ’ Boris Johnson to convene all-party talks
“ Political problems require political solutions , never street violence. ” First Minister of Northern Ireland , Arlene Foster condemns the “ completely unacceptable ” riots in which more than 50 police officers have been injured . Get more on this story :
'It 's not right , it 's dangerous , it 's unacceptable and it 's a miracle that no one has been killed . ' Michelle O ’ Neill has condemned the riots in Northern Ireland , saying `` it 's only through democratic politics that we can solve our problems '' .
If you want to know more about what us currently happening in Northern Ireland - has the Emergency session of The NI Assembly on now LIVE
can not believe the first and last colony discourse prevails given the good friday agreement and a week of riots in northern ireland . wales ' colonial fetish of subjugation is predicated on the ever-traumatised Irish subject . i 'm not having it !
Starmer urges ‘ absent ’ PM to convene all-party talks over Northern Ireland riots
Why do I have to watch Russian television to learn about riots in Northern Ireland ? Why no coverage in UK
DUP leader Arlene Foster said the scenes witnessed in Northern Ireland were “ totally unacceptable ” . The Northern Ireland First Minister told the Assembly that the riots cause harm to NI 's image , adding that there is deep political challenges ahead .
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate - Reuters UK
Riots among loyalists in Northern Ireland over Brexit 's `` Irish backstop '' .
All through the troubles the BBC national news were all over any trouble or riots in Northern Ireland . They even sensationalised it . Yet barely mentioned this week . Almost like they 're protecting Boris Johnson by censoring it .
Calm urged after Northern Ireland riots via
Riots , firebombs and attacks on police and each other . Northern Ireland leaders call for Calm .
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate - Reuters UK .....
If you want to understand better what the current unrest , brouhaha in is about , you wo n't get a more succinct , sarcastic and scathing version than this
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate - Reuters UK
Northern Ireland riots : What is fuelling violence in unionist areas in Belfast ?
Northern Ireland Riots The Battle of Bogside , , , 13/08/1969 photographed for The Times by Bill Warhurst who was on the ground and captured the unfolding scenes .
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate
All morning l watched and never heard a thing about northern Ireland , and yet they were able to take me all the way to Brazil to tell me about the death toll of Covid , they were even able to show to Hares having a fight , but nothing on riots that will affect us
Why are there riots in Northern Ireland ? | The Independent
At least seven officers injured after latest riots in Northern Ireland – follow live
Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney urged the end of the riots currently taking place in Northern Ireland `` before somebody is killed or seriously injured . ''
The Northern Ireland Assembly is due to sit at Stormont at 11 o'clock reacting to the riots over the last few days . You can watch live here :
Northern Ireland riots : What is fuelling violence in unionist areas in Belfast ? Hmmmmm Let the nation know when HM MAZE PRISON begins its business as usual again . No change for the better in Britain .
The Withdrawal Agreement and the Northern Ireland Protocol are intertwined , voted for Brexit - citing the N.I . Protocol as the cause for the Belfast riots is disingenuous .
We should all be very angry about Brexit , the Tory Traitors & their Lies . But no , we 're British . Ignore Northern Ireland Troubles & Riots We like being walked on and lied to , while people struggle and die . The Union Jack Symbolism is a Joke . R.I.P UK
Northern Ireland riots : Bus torched in more Belfast violence as British and Irish leaders call for calm - CNN
This is down to two things : 1 . May ’ s flawed WA with the EU that Johnson stuck to , and 2 . The Irish are idiots to cling to past sectarian behaviour . Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate - Reuters UK
If you want to know how mainstream media works , their 's been riot for 5 days consecutively in Northern Ireland and it is because of Brexit , but the British media hardly talk about .
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate – Times of India
Northern Ireland riots : SDLP leader Colum Eastwood accuses Prime Minister Boris Johnson of 'total disinterest ' over loyalist disorder -
At least seven officers injured after latest riots in Northern Ireland – follow live
These riots in Northern Ireland are directly caused by Sinn Fein and the Northern Irish justice system . I am in no way a supporter of the DUP or any unionist party , but Sinn Fein needs to take responsibility for attending a non-covid safe funeral of a terrorist .
Regarding the recent riots in Northern Ireland . Maybe some of our English police should have gone over to help quell the violence ?
Mad that it took last night to tell me that there has been 6 nights of riots in Northern Ireland . protests were national news for papers and the BBC and yet Northern Ireland is ignored after days of riots .
Northern Ireland riots : Bus torched in more Belfast violence as British and Irish leaders call for calm
Graeme Keyes on Northern Ireland riots - political cartoon gallery in London
Northern Ireland : Emergency meeting after sixth night of riots over post-Brexit barriers
Scene from in of the North between loyalists and nationalists . Riots have been taking place for six days over the post- protocol which introduces a maritime border between Northern Ireland and the United Kingdom .
So partner who regularly reads BBC news had no idea there were riots in Northern Ireland
If you went mental at the BLM riots but haven ’ t bat an eye lid at the Northern Ireland riots , I ’ ve got news for you…
TRENDING – Brexit Prime Minister Boris Johnson condemned the unrest , and Northern Ireland 's Belfast-based government was holding an emergency meeting Thursday on the riots .
Northern Ireland Riots : not all loyalists want violence , here 's a discussion between 'dissident ' republicans and loyalists from several weeks ago talking about a united Ireland
Why are there riots in Northern Ireland ? ( The Independent ) Rioters hurled petrol bombs , bricks and torched a bus in Belfast on Wednesday night amid a s ... Add your highlights :
Regarding the unfortunate riots in Northern Ireland “ It would be wrong to attribute what has happened simply to Brexit and the Protocol ” Lord Caine I expect it 's just a coincidence , like the disastrous export figures . Is it normal for coincidences to be predicted ?
( City A.M ) : : Emergency meeting after sixth night of riots : An emergency meeting among Northern Ireland ’ s devolved government has been forced this morning , following the region ’ s sixth night of riots The post ..
The Brexit-hook is taking precedence in coverage of the Northern Ireland riots . It ’ s important not to see this as just a Brexit issue – disturbances happen in NI due to many different factors that are culturally and trans-generationally entrenched . Consider other perspectives .
Extremely sad to hear this news from Northern Ireland Shock after police attacked and bus set alight in Belfast riot
Belfast riots news – At least 7 officers injured after night of violence and bus hijacking .
Why are there riots in Northern Ireland ?
We have now reached an equilibrium with riots in Northern Ireland balanced by demands from the EU for the agreed full implementation of the protocol . Will the government accept this as the new normal or make the adjustments needed to solve it .
Northern Ireland riots must stop before someone killed : Ireland 's Coveney | Article [ AMP ] | Reuters
Northern Ireland riots must stop before someone killed : Ireland 's Coveney
loyalist riots Link : PSNI frustrations & / = 55 Officers injured / 10 arrests • & , •/ • • • • * Parades : / * Hoax :
Scenes in are deeply concerning . Paramilitary groups might not be behind it but apparently encourage the riots , youths fighting in the streets feels too much like 1972 . Boris Johnson has failed NI with his reckless lies .
At least seven officers injured after latest riots in Northern Ireland – follow live - The Independent
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate
Belfast riots live : Latest updates as seven officers injured in Northern Ireland
The crux of the Northern Ireland riots on display here , Boris Johnson lied to the unionists . That 's why in more sane times , he was deemed unfit to be prime minister . He does not have the moral courage and trustworthiness required .
At least seven officers injured after latest riots in Northern Ireland – follow live
Northern Ireland riots : Bus hijacked and set on fire in Belfast - The Independent
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate
Northern Ireland 's fucking scuffed again . Whose ready for Operation Banner reruns ? I 'll get the SLRs , someone else can get the riot gear .
Newspaper headline reads : “ Northern Ireland riots : Boris Johnson condemns violence ” The truth is : “ Northern Ireland riots : violence condemns Boris Johnson. ” 1/2
Northern Ireland riots must stop before someone killed : Ireland 's Coveney
Grim bit of understatement here from ⁦ after six nights of violent riots : “ Britain ’ s economic split from the European Union at the end of 2020 has disturbed the political balance in Northern Ireland ”
BBC has questions to answer . Protests in Bristol received wall2wall coverage with reporters covering every aspect ad infinitum . Riots in Northern Ireland with multiple injuries over 6 nights - zip ! Remember that Boris Johnson requested negative aspects of Brexit weren ’ t reported .
Not that I agree with this but for all use wankers out there talking absolute bullshit on social media about attempted murder here 's the bus on the Road with 'NO ONE ' on it before it got torched !
Northern Ireland riots must stop before someone killed : Ireland 's Coveney
Northern Ireland riots : Bus hijacked and set on fire in Belfast - The Independent
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate – Times of India
the fact that these riots in belfast and northern ireland have been going on since last friday and the major news outlets are only just king up the story ... tell me the tories control the british media without telling me the tories control the british media , i-
Join the project next week to discuss Given the riots in , insight in the fifth panel : “ Ireland and Northern Ireland ” might be of particular interest
At least seven officers injured after latest riots in Northern Ireland – follow live All because failed in his duties & now he ’ s pretending NI doesn ’ t exist
Interesting ! The british government sponsored media outlet , the BBC , does n't consider riots in Northern-Ireland newsworthy .
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate – Times of India BELFAST : Northern Ireland 's devolved government will meet to be briefed on nightly outbreaks of street violence that escalated on Wednesday with secta ...
Northern Ireland : Emergency meeting after sixth night of riots
.⁦ ⁦ ⁦ ⁦ Northern Ireland riots : Bus hijacked and set on fire in Belfast - The Independent
Scotland getting closer to independence Northern Ireland Riots England mass protests against the Tories Johnson going to be responsible for the breaking up of the Union , al his lies and cronyism , yet the media still wag their tails to his tune
Belfast riots news live : Latest updates after bus hijacked in Northern Ireland
Northern Ireland riots signal dark new chapter for Brexit
No no no Riots night after night return to Northern Ireland .
`` JPMorgan may move all European business out of London . '' Part of the . From riots in Northern Ireland to the hardships fishermen are facing in exporting to the EU - it all comes down to leaving the EU . But then : `` Brexit means Brexit ''
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate
Johnson ’ s oven-ready deal , pt . 2 || Northern Ireland riots : Bus hijacked and set on fire in Belfast - The Independent
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate – Times of India
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate
Riots in Northern Ireland . An emergency meeting of Northern Ireland 's power-sharing executive will take place on Thursday morning after a night of violence in west Belfast .
Embarrassing article on Northern Ireland crisis . After a week of protestant riots it tries to `` both side '' it . Then it pretends something that happened last summer might be to blame so as not to just admit it 's brexit and the PM stabbing them in the back .
I wonder what the British media make of the riots in Northern Ireland ? It seems in this day/age that violence directed towards the police is ok if you hang an agenda/purpose to it ! ‘ Kill The Bill ’ , BLM , Brexit ! The bias of the British media , anti police
Can ’ t believe this Northern Ireland riot has been going for 6 days now . Was the British medal censoring itself ?
I am sure Boris Johnson will say that the recent Northern Ireland riots have nothing to do with Brexit . Earlier in 2020 he also said it would be best to ignore the emergence of coronavirus , as he was still going around shaking hands .
The calm & competent Minister for Foreign Affairs on Morning Ireland reacts to riots in Northern Ireland confirming the British and Irish Governments wish to work with all the Northern Ireland political parties to end this current wave of violence .
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate – Times of India
R/T More than 40 police officers have been injured in riots across Northern Ireland
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate
Thatcher trending , riots in Northern Ireland - almost like choosing shit Tory governments on a loop has real consequences . A country trapped in a hell of its own making , with Johnson at the top ( bottom ) .
There has been 6 nights , and now , days of riots in Northern Ireland .. This photo is at a 'peaceline ' - the walls & gates still up between Catholic & Protestant neighbourhoods . A loyalist is about to hurl a petrol bomb over the top into the community of the other . Thanks
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate – Times of India
Civil unrest in Northern Ireland returned for the sixth night . The riots are happening because Loyalists and unionists argued that post-Brexit trading arrangements have created barriers between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK .
It appears that the have seen fit this morning to report on the Northern Ireland riots . Coincidentally , I see the Prime Minister last night tweeted his concern regarding the riots .
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate Good source of
As a child of the 70s/80 s growing up Northern Ireland the scenes of riots are horribly familiar . The exception being government ministers used to support the police rather than try and blame them to deflect from an elephant in the room . An elephant with lies on its side
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate Northern Ireland 's devolved government will meet to be briefed on nightly outbreaks of street violence that escalated on Wednesday with sectarian clashes , continued attacks on police and the setting alight of a hijacked bus .
My BBC News complaint number - lost track . Insufficient coverage of riots in NI - an extract : ‘ I hoped to see some coverage of the serious disturbances in Northern Ireland on the main BBC news ... I do not pay my licence fee to effectively get revisionism by omission . ’
These thugs in Northern Ireland are just looking for a reason to riot & Johnson ’ s handed it to them on a plate
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate Welcome to your Brexit .
Johnson 's recent tweet regarding Northern Ireland is laughable ! ! ! Nobody gives a shit about his feigned disproval .. he is a liar and the NI Riots are 100 % down to him ..... Johnson has no credibility with the majority of us here in the UK The sooner he is gone the better ! ! !
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate
Is the serious riots in Northern Ireland getting the coverage it deserves ?
Belfast riots news – live : Northern Ireland Assembly to meet after night of violence and bus hijacking
Northern Ireland riots : Belfast Telegraph photographer attacked during disorder at interface area in west Belfast -
In case you are unclear if the NI events and how they developed here is a wiki guide to 2021 Northern Ireland riots - Wikipedia
Twitter angry people telling me that British news outlets are not reporting on the riots in Northern Ireland as I am literally reading news articles by British news outlets .
Northern Ireland riots : Bus hijacked and set on fire in Belfast - The Independent
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate - Reuters
Belfast riots : Car rammed into peace gates as explosives , fireworks and rocks thrown The walls and fences were built between the two communities to prevent clashes during three decades of sectarian violence in Northern Ireland
Northern Ireland riots : Why is there rioting and disorder in loyalist areas of Northern Ireland ? There has been rioting in parts of Belfast , Carrickfergus , Newtonabbey , Derry/Londonderry and other parts of Northern Ireland
Will the dangerous between and in Northern resume ? PRACTICAL WORLD TRUE NEWS about , , ,
Northern Ireland riots : Attack on Belfast Telegraph photographer Kevin Scott condemned -
Why is there not one word in the Times this morning on the riots in Northern Ireland ? This would have been front page news in Thatchers day . Is Johnson hoping that by ignoring the troubles they will just disappear ?
News of violence and riots in Northern Ireland is horrifying . I hope people with influence in the areas of unrest can persuade people to stop , and stay at home . It ’ s only a matter of time before more people are seriously injured , or even killed . It ’ s heartbreaking .
Me checking Twitter every morning to see what riots occurred in Northern Ireland last night ....
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : “ The rioting that took place over the long Easter weekend in Northern Ireland was relatively small-scale . But its significance should not be downplayed ” Editorial
The Brexiters now can ’ t act like they weren ’ t told Northern Ireland was a potential powderkeg . The loyalist riots being seen now are a result of the process followed by those supporting Brexit . It ’ s on them . It ’ s on the shoulders of Boris Johnson , Michael Gove et al
Amazing how the programme has a lengthy report on the troubles in Paris . Northern Ireland riots ? What is going on ?
Northern Ireland government to meet as riots escalate
As politicians disagree on who should carry the blame , some of us will ponder on the ‘ coincidence ’ of these riots happening as the Irish Sea border is raising tensions in Northern Ireland . Belfast : Emergency Stormont meeting after night of violence
Riots in Northern Ireland : Worsening brexit desaster and no end in sight .
£350 million for the NHS ? Lie . Brexit has cost at least £200 billion and will cost much , much more . What the Leave lie bus didn ’ t say was internal borders in the UK . It didn ’ t say riots in Northern Ireland . It didn ’ t say NHS privatisation . It didn ’ t say loss of freedom .
There will be no coverage of the riots and lawlessness in Northern Ireland as it is being carried out by so called unionists and ardent brexiteers . fans the flames as it meets her political goals . She and her ilk always drove the hatred and does still .
In Northern Ireland , riots and clashes with police continue following Brexit .
the uk government when there ’ s riots after ignoring northern ireland and making major decisions without them in mind for years :
On Wednesday evening ( April 7th , local time ) a bus was attacked and set on fire during a riot in the Northern Irish capital Belfast . Security forces called for people to avoid several areas of the city .
Probably the only time you ’ ll see anyone in Belfast wear a mask is while they riot good oul Northern Ireland ... After 24 years of living here , I ’ m both not shocked and furious that this shit happens !
This is coming to a province like yours sooner than you think ! Northern Ireland riots : Bus torched in more Belfast violence as British and Irish leaders call for calm
Northern Ireland riots : 41 police hurt in Unionist violence
Northern Ireland riots : Police attacked and hijacked bus set alight as disorder breaks out in west Belfast -
Northern Ireland riots : Bus torched in more Belfast violence as British and Irish leaders call for calm
Northern Ireland riots : Bus torched in more Belfast violence as British and Irish leaders call for calm
Sad scenes as violence returns to the streets of Belfast as clash with ... the later hijacking a bus & attacking a press photographer on the DM for purchases .
Americans riot and its front page news . Riots for the last 7 days in Northern Ireland , and not a word from the media .
Northern Ireland riots : Bus hijacked and set on fire in Belfast - The Independent
Northern Ireland riots : Nine more police officers injured during loyalist violence as Naomi Long says politicians 'fanned flames '
how normalised are people from Northern Ireland toward violence , communities watch from the sidelines and bring our children . the ending of this video , a child of probably 2 , on their bike as a bus is lit up surrounded by riot vans .
Northern Ireland riots : Police attacked and hijacked bus set alight as disorder breaks out in west Belfast -
The situation is getting worse and very worrying . Meanwhile , sectarianism rules in political responses to the riots . Northern Ireland : Bus hijacked and set on fire as disorder continues
so when riots are happening in america its `` stop tweeting about other things , you selfish assholes '' but when its northern ireland no one cares /s
Republicans torch the 'peace ' gates at Lanark Way in Belfast during a riot with rival Loyalists . DM or ChrisScottMedia for purchases .
Riots in Northern Ireland , ugh
I ’ m reading Martin Bell ’ s account of reporting on Northern Ireland . He was covering a riot in 1973 when an old woman started poking him in the stomach with a brolly . He asked : “ Why are you doing this ? ” She said : “ Because you ’ re reporting on things that aren ’ t happening ! ”
Riots in Northern Ireland continued last night with petrol bombs being hurled , police attacked。
So much trouble brexit is causing which we do n't hear about yet because its all about the covid , Northern Ireland riots , businesses suffering . companies leaving , its chaos
MORE IMPORTANT THAN RIOTS ️
not remainers calling the riots in northern ireland the brexit riots ...... they are actually not smart
riots have been going on literally a 1 min walk away from where i live for 5 nights in a row and tbh growing up in northern ireland you see a lot of shit but this is a new level .
I swear as someone from NI who goes to uni in England , today is the first time I ’ ve heard about the riots ... the British media really don ’ t give a shit about Northern Ireland and it shows
Bigoted , knuckle dragging morons , the only words to describe Shankill tonight . Nobody supports b * llsh like this anymore and nobody cares about your childish tantrums . Riots and hate arent wanted by the people of northern ireland GET THE FINGER OUT ! !
Police response to riots .
NEW - Northern Ireland riots : Bus hijacked and set on fire in Belfast .
tl is a shambles and trending is just northern ireland riots , cant have shit on this app im going to sleep
I can only presume if the Republican/Nationalist community in the North started the riots the British media would be reporting on them ?
Belfast riot sees bus hijacked and set on fire near Lanark Way - as it happened ..
Aaaaaand ... back we go ! Well done all ! This what you wanted ? 'Sunny uplands ' hmm ?
Growing up in Northern Ireland is just not knowing that riots and bomb scares are n't actually just a normal part of life until you casually mention it in front of someone not from here and they get very worried for your safety
Northern Ireland , loyalists running a riot why is this barely being reported on
if you haven ’ t already PLEASE take the time to educate yourself or ask someone about northern ireland . these riots are setting back 20 years of work that people have put in towards a more inclusive and tolerant ulster . not only that , but we are once again being IGNORED by +
Why are there riots in Northern Ireland ? I am seeing stuff on my timeline but idk why it 's happening .
While you are looking at kids being orchastrated to riot Please read this thread . One childs life was lost , police mishandling , practical media blackout Please spread this news ! !
Northern Ireland riots : Bus hijacked and set on fire in Belfast
So embarrassed to live in Northern Ireland when I see what is happening lately in Belfast . Shame on all those involved in the riots . The politicians & PSNI have to work together to SOTHIS OUT
There are riots in Northern Ireland and nothing on the BBC news website . Top story is about Tiger Woods speeding . Serious gaslighting by a state broadcaster . It ’ s shocking .
Ok , we can say nothing about the Johnson/Arcuri scandal and certainly nothing on the Northern Ireland firebomb riots , got it , thanks Dom
We all knew these riots in Northern Ireland were inevitable as soon as the results for brexit were revealed . England takes care of England ... always has always will .
The riot scenes in Northern Ireland is Disgraceful & Embarrassing I hope the people there are OK
NEW - riots : Bus hijacked and set on fire in .
Also , what 's happening in Northern Ireland ? Like , riots because leaders did n't follow Covid regulations ? ( Please forgive this ignorant California boy . )
I know I ’ ve said this before but I ’ ll say it again I fucking HATE living in Northern Ireland . There is no need for them riots get me out of here
When sums things up beautifully…
What 's happening . Riots in Northern Ireland over Boris ' Brexit boarders .
Why is BBC News refusing to report on the Loyalist riots in Northern Ireland ? - Is it purely intended to direct criticism away from BOZO and his Brexit Border in the Irish Sea ?
I hope all my northern ireland moots especially Belfast keep safe during these times with all the riots : /
Looks like we have become collateral damage for Brexit . Send positive thoughts out way please . Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots | Belfast | The Guardian
For heaven 's sake why are you not reporting on the riots in Northern Ireland ? It 's U.K news , is n't it ?
People in England saying what is happening in Northern Ireland is shocking and me thinking to myself ‘ nah this ain ’ t that bad whys it made nationwide news ’ Then actually realising these riots are extremely fucked up and that rioting is just completely normalised in NI
lrt you know how much people do n't care what happens in northern Ireland ? I love here and I only just found out there 's been fucking riots and arson night after night . No one is talking about this , everyone is choosing to ignore it especially Britain because they 've never cared+
how can there be FIVE WHOLE days of riots etc in Northern Ireland and nothing has been reported about it ? ? ! ! ? ? nah the UK media is finished
Radio silence from as Loyalists riot in the north . All this buried in BBC Northern Irelands subsection . Now imagine if this happened in say Russia or China , wall to wall coverage with endless `` watchers '' , `` experts '' and talking heads .
Anybody watching or even taking part in the violence in Northern Ireland over the last week should take a listen to It is a non partisan look at what happened in Northern Ireland for 30 years . We do n't want to return to that
Wow SO nice of Boris Johnston to acknowledge Northern Ireland five days into riots
The riots in Northern Ireland is crazy
honestly northern ireland having riots that are practically being ignored is nothing new ! cant wait til they come to my neighbourhood bc i live in a very loyalist area that holds bonfires every year /s
If 14 year old me could see that Brexit was a bad idea then fully grown adults could too our country is full of riots because of Brexit and no where else in the uk wants to acknowledge it
8 riots in Northern Ireland . Well done all you & why is this not being reported in the news ?
there ’ s been riots in Northern Ireland ? ? When did this start
What is the point of I could tell you about Hong Kong Riots or Brazilian Covid Deaths , but absolutely SFA about Boris Johnson setting fire to Northern Ireland . England First and is the goal ! BBC a disgrace and we pay for their single fish
northern ireland has been having riots over the NI protocol for the past week and i ’ m only finding out today ? the british media are sick
The UK media during the Unionist/Loyalist riots in Northern Ireland .
A 10 second mention on the about Northern Ireland riots , same as for old story on golfer . Nothing about journalist . Nothing about the politics . Public service broadcasting ?
This is Northern Ireland right now . Riots happening every night for the past week Teenagers going out to burn down and vandalise their own communities as politicians play the blame game and spread hate We left bus burnings and sectarian riots in the past for a reason
We had Peace before the tories held power . Now look . The Kingdom is falling apart . : Northern Ireland riots : Bus hijacked and set on fire in Belfast .
Had a friend from Northern Ireland over for dinner tonight . He said that the riots there are down to the Unionists fear of losing power and a lot of anxiety over the border down the Irish Sea and a fear of a united Ireland . Ultimately Brexit has destabilised the situation a lot .
Oy . you ‘ forgot ’ to run the in-depth analysis re the riots in Northern Ireland ... no you didn ’ t , the Tory Junta told you not to didn ’ t they ? Have you no pride left ?
Is it just me or has every scally in got a north face coat . Essential wear for a
Unbelievable.The people of Northern Ireland have been asking for dialogue for years now . `` Riots are the language of the unheard . ''
Why is bbc not reporting on riots in Northern Ireland ? and our so called liberal MSM ?
Northern Ireland riots : SDLP leader Colum Eastwood accuses Prime Minister Boris Johnson of 'total disinterest ' over loyalist disorder
These riots in Belfast are because of checks on the ports in Larne on economic goods . And people really think we could have an adult conversation about a border poll in Northern Ireland . Having a fucking laugh . Could you imagine what would ensue if the referendum happened .
Amazed main 10pm programme gave riots no more than 30 seconds
Riots in Northern Ireland swept under the carpet by Huw Edward ’ s on state broadcaster no mention of Brexit or new border with U.K .
So , the riots in Northern Ireland are taking off now with Brexit issues on the plate .
BBC report 8th day of loyalist riots in Northern Ireland for 20 seconds at 10.18 . Nothing really to see here .
Have never and will never understand why clampits in Northern Ireland , riot and trash their own communities and cause upset to their own people .
Apologies you did show riots in Northern Ireland ....
Anyone got a live stream of the riots in Northern Ireland ? ?
I see the media has decided to not show any of the riots in Northern Ireland because God forbid we see any political accountability ...
Anyone able to inform me of what ’ s going on with the riots in Northern Ireland ?
I am so disgusted by what ’ s happening in Northern Ireland right now . Ceasefire babies who were born years after the peace treaty was signed find excuse to set fire to buses and riot in the streets . Belfast deserves better .
Five days into riots in Northern Ireland the FM wants you not to keep the eye off the prize of the real criminals
I know people who do n't know that there have been riots in Northern Ireland . Why is this not being reported on properly ?
So the ( national ) at 10 o'clock tonight STILL is n't mentioning the Northern Ireland riots in the headlines . It 's simply outrageous how little the London newsroom cares about events in NI . What on earth is going on
If this does n't show people how little the UK government care about Northern Ireland ( they never have btw ) can you imagine these riots were happening in England ? Buses getting set on fire , police being attacked , petrol bombs going off in multiple areas . Joke of a country .
Johnson 's was always incompatible with the . When questioned , he told bare faced lies about a border in the Irish Sea & concerns were dismissed as Project Fear We could have avoided border problems & riots in Northern Ireland if we 'd gone with Corbyn 's customs union
the way nobody is talking about the riots outside of northern ireland is so alarming the way its made out to be so normalised here ? ? ? ? disgusting
Northern Ireland riots : Police attacked and hijacked bus set alight as disorder breaks out in west Belfast -
It 's the umpteenth night of riots in Northern Ireland and it is being reported NOWHERE in mainstream media . It was horrendously obvious that Brexit would reignite violence . Decades of hard work and progress have been undone .
Northern Ireland are still living in the fucking troubles it ’ s actually a fucking joke , why are you vandalising , throwing petrol bombs and rioting the streets . Especially when it ’ s loyalists that are doing it , you literally are NORTHERN IRELAND and still apart of the UK WHY RIOT
tw : fire , bombing , riots The situation happening right now in Ireland ( specifically Belfast/Northern Ireland ) is terrifying . Stay safe everyone
6 days . It took him 6 days to speak about riots on the streets of Northern Ireland .
Took Boris a fucking day to give enough of a damn to write a 1 min tweet . Boris the Buffoon bought water cannons during the London riots to hurt mainly young teenage boys . I dread to think how this absolute buffoon would treat an escalating conflict in northern Ireland .
While the situation is far from simple , and the riots in NI are as much to do with UDA drug gangs getting shut down by the police , the Brexit situation has n't helped . Well done Farage you fucking prick . In wanting less migrants in Dover , you 've set Northern Ireland on fire . Twat .
Crazy how I ’ m only hearing about the riots in Northern Ireland rn ? Why isn ’ t every news outlet reporting this down here ?
the fact that no one outside of northern ireland is talking about the riots happening currently because it ’ s been so normalised here is so disgusting
The reason Northern Ireland riots are often so violent , is that there 's a long history of rioting that 's been passed down the generations . It 's a revolting art form . But riots risk unintended consequences , especially when the political class seeks advantage rather than calm .
Would like to comment on the recent riots in ? I 'm happy to do an interview , send me an email to kaidenchase.media
Hi is me a person from Northern Ireland who is sick and tired of political unrest and riots directly related to brexit and sick of a government who doesnt give a fuck and refuses to do any media coverage , We just want peace we dont want this .
Im honestly embarrassed to say i live in Northern Ireland ! ! The country is an absolute joke because of silly kids who think it ’ s acceptable to riot and danger themselves and so many others We had one lad catch himself on fire because his mate threw a petrol bomb at police ! Joke
Northern Ireland riots erupt as angry youths hurl petrol bomb into bus in broad daylight
If Arlene Foster had of kept Funky Monkeys open all the kids would n't be rioting ! !
You probably saw recent Bristol riots on TV . There has been less coverage of violence in Northern Ireland , ongoing each evening for over a week . Multiple incidents in multiple places including cars , and tonight , this bus being burned out & used as road block . Stay safe everyone .
More riots tonight in as a Bus is hijacked and set on fire in Belfast .
In recent days , 40+ police officers have been injured in violent scenes across Northern Ireland . Dozens of individuals , including children as young as 12 , have been arrested in riots that have seen cars hijacked and firebombs thrown with reckless abandon .
the current situation in northern ireland is pretty scary , lots of riots bringing back old history of the troubles . they threw a petrol bomb into a moving bus today setting it completely alight . just thankful i 'm not too close to the scene
Exactly this
NEW - Northern Ireland riots : Bus hijacked and set on fire in Belfast .
Even at the height of the Troubles when everything was out of control and the government did n't have a clue when it would end , Ministers and Secretaries were on the record and in front of the camera . Today , with riots in Northern Ireland , they hide . And the media let them .
: Why is there and in areas of Northern Ireland ? - Belfast Live
Northern Ireland riots erupt as angry youths hurl petrol bomb into bus in broad daylight
NEW - Northern Ireland riots : Bus hijacked and set on fire in Belfast .
Northern Ireland riots : Bus hijacked and set on fire in Belfast
Riots in Northern Ireland but the BBC are reporting about reality TV people . They really do not care about their citizens .
Iain Dale asks Telegraph Political Editor Ben Riley-Smith why riots in Northern Ireland are n't getting more news coverage . This was his answer : | |
JUST IN : Bus hijacked and set on fire in , Northern Ireland during riots and violence in the capital . ( via
NEW - Northern Ireland riots : Bus hijacked and set on fire in Belfast .
Northern Ireland riots erupt as angry youths hurl petrol bomb into bus in broad daylight
My BBC app homepage is currently showing a story about Kim Kardashian ’ s wealth but not a story about the riots in Northern Ireland . I generally try to be supportive of the BBC - but that is mind-boggling .
More than 40 police officers have been injured in riots across Northern Ireland
Riot in Ballymena after Northern Ireland protocol protest parade - Irish News
Northern Ireland really is a sectarian wasteland and it sickens me to watch the goings-on . Riots and bombs and the lot of it ! Things will never change ! !
Actually fuck this country so hard . People always talk about the riots in America but Northern Ireland is so scarcely mentioned . This shit happens ALL THE TIME ! !
There are at least * three * videos , from different angles , of the * same * double-decker bus in Northern Ireland being firebombed . My sympathies to the driver and passengers . I 'm scared someone will die as a result of these riots .
it doesnt matter what your personal opinion is Northern Ireland is part of the UK RIOTS ARE HAPPENING IN THE UK and have been for almost a week YOUR MEDIA IS SILENT ABOUT THIS
The government : We * NEED * to spend £2.6 million on a new press room . We 'll be able to communicate better than ever , be more accountable and keep the nation updated on important events . The government on days of Northern Ireland riots :
Waiting for the whats happening in northern ireland riots infographic on instagram
Current scenes on the Shankill reminding me of my summers in Northern Ireland at my Granny and Grandas during the 90s Imagine Snapchat and Insta stories were around during the Drumcree riots !
Police say 41 officers injured in Northern Ireland riots Brussels ( Brussels Morning ) The Police Service of Northern Ireland ( PSNI ) reported 41 officers were injured in the riots over the last few days , according to BBC reporting on Wednesday .
To the members making children in . You are basically pedos , like using children like the Catholic Church . The UDA is now the new Catholic Church . Boom !
Ca n't help thinking that continuing riots in London , or even vigils , would be on every bulletin . A few reports on or by do not give enough prominence to Northern Ireland or to Govt-caused situation
Was I hearing things on ITV news there or did they just say the violence and riots and Northern Ireland was the republicans fault ? What fvcking planet do these idiot reporters live on ?
Wid not be fucked bein a copper in Northern Ireland they fuckin love a riot
The past week ’ s street skirmishes between loyalist militants and riot police in Northern Ireland may have been triggered by fallout from an IRA funeral . But battle lines had already been drawn because of loyalist enmity against the post-Brexit trade deal
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial The past week should serve as a warning . The DUP need to ratchet down the rhetoric - IMO .
Northern Ireland riots : Loyalist unrest ‘ putting jobs and livelihoods in danger ’ Andras House director Rajesh Rana said the unrest that resulted in 41 police officers being injured was `` the last thing '' that Northern Ireland needed .
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial
Northern Ireland Riots Signal Dark New Chapter For Brexit
Well , who could have predicted that brexit would cause violent riots in Northern Ireland . Everybody . Everybody could have predicted that .
I have questions about the N. Ireland riots . Anyone have an answer ? 1 . Was n't the Unionists support of Brexit the reason Theresa May stayed in power ? 2 . So why are the Unionists rioting ? ( Most people say `` Brexit '' and `` Irish sea , '' but Theresa May ? )
Northern Ireland riots signal dark new chapter for Brexit — A week of rioting is the first evidence Brexit turbulence may be boiling up into unrest in the British province , where post-EU rules are stoking fury among unionists
Following recent riots in Northern Ireland , tells that he knows young people are angry , but politics are the way to deal with it , not through street protest and violence . Get the full podcast here :
Northern Ireland riots signal dark new chapter for Brexit
Northern Ireland riots are n't front page news because the UK media are too busy talking about holiday planning & and 's latest deal . Pure distraction . Just because they do n't report on reality does n't mean that reality does n't exist .
Wow riots in Northern Ireland ? Who could have seen this coming ? ? ?
If the history of Northern Ireland riots is ever written , this one wo n't merit a mention , writes Suzanne Breen
Northern Ireland riots signal dark new chapter for Brexit
Northern Ireland could be unravelling due to Brexit . Riots and violence with dozens injured . But if you want to know more from the BBC , you have to go to the news page , UK section , then the Northern Ireland section , and look at the bottom half of the page !
Why is there next to no coverage of the riots in Northern Ireland ? They 're a part of this union , too .
According to local media , the riots have been led by `` unionists '' whose frustration has been already growing recently over Brexit-related agreements .
Northern Ireland riots signal dark new chapter for Brexit
Northern Ireland riots signal dark new chapter for Brexit
So even when you go on the Northern Ireland home page the riots are still half way down the menu . Pathetic how they are now just a government puppet .
As Northern Ireland riots for the 5th consecutive day , feels that it 's more appropriate to report on charity ice buckets .
Do you know how these riots could have been avoided in Northern Ireland ? Not letting 24 Sinn Fein politicians attend a large scale funeral of former IRA man Bobbie Storey . Many people have died over the past year and relatives and friends have been restricted from funerals .
Hearing from people on the ground in Northern Ireland these riots are in part due to Brexit . Might be more media coverage if a statue of a slave owner were involved . If only had warned us ...
The Unionist and Republicans are at it again in Northern Ireland . Blaming each other for the riots . The reason is Brexit , the reason is the Tories . Blame them but do n't die for them .
Were it not for Twitter , I would not have a clue that there were riots in Northern Ireland . Not an inkling . Apparently the Tory BBC bosses do n't think it 's in our interest to know about a deadly consequence of Brexit , having been repeatedly forewarned .
First Minister of Northern Ireland Arlene Foster speaks on BBC Radio 4 ’ s Today programme about riots in Northern Ireland over post-Brexit trading arrangements
Why has there been virtually no coverage of the Northern Ireland riots ? ?
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial So why isn ’ t and giving this more coverage ?
Northern Ireland riots : Why is there rioting and disorder in loyalist areas of Northern Ireland ? The reason is plain and obvious , the loyalist community are always being told no while Sinn Fein/IRA keep getting away with everything that is unlawful .
Why isn ’ t or even mentioning The Northern Ireland riots . They are spending more time on the Kardashian person than actual news .... ?
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial
‘ Brexit will destabilise the GFA .. ’ Nah “ project fear ” Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
The cause of these riots in Northern Ireland is complex and nuanced - but little attention is being paid in Westminster , writes
Just Riot Theory - What is it ? Why is n't there one ? Why is it important ? Listen to an audio of article here - Find out more about theory here -
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial
We 're got protests against too much police power across England , and riots in Northern Ireland . All we need is a miners strike and it 'll be the 80 's again .
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous
This is the current page on app ! Apparently there ’ s been no riots in Belfast ? But yet another shoehorned royals story . It ’ s almost as if the establishment don ’ t want people to know the shitshow
What are the Northern Ireland riots designed to achieve ?
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial
Unrest in Northern Ireland : 27 police officers injured as riots occur in Belfast and Derry - .. it is a ‘ tragedy , young people are engaged in extremist dissent , at a time of deep tension
Northern Ireland : 41 officers injured during riots , says PSNI – Yorkshire Bylines
My BBC app homepage is currently showing a story about Kim Kardashian ’ s wealth but not a story about the riots in Northern Ireland . This is a new low for
Escalating tension in Northern Ireland ? Really ? Let ’ s see , ( scrolls through various established news sources ) . No , nothing to see there . No burning police cars , Land Rovers or riots . Nothing .
Hey there 's been a week of riots in Northern Ireland with petrol bombs and everything ! I know it 's not as sexy as some protestors walking past a statue of Churchill but thought you might like to cover it or ask the government to comment at the least . Seems important
I know why the police are n such a tailspin over the riots in Northern Ireland ...... they ca n't find a Churchill statue to protect ! Irony being it 's the flag shaggers doing the rioting .
Is this still `` project fear '' ? Unrest in Northern Ireland : 27 police officers injured as riots occur in Belfast and Derry
The BBC not reporting on the clashes in Northern Ireland is like German television not reporting on riots in Bavaria . It would be all over the news channels in Germany .
The riots in Northern Ireland are down to the bigitted thugs and neanderthals in the para militaries . For them the Good Friday agreement means nothing . They will never move on .
riots started on Friday across as anger at EU protocol and two tier levels of police are exploding in loyalist areas
Re your previous interest in UK freedom of press Northern Ireland has had a week of brexit related riots , threateng GFA which US guarantees . Nary a story in UK papers , hardly mention on tv . How does that happen ?
No coverage in the media on the Brexit riots in Northern Ireland .
Over enthusiastic policing of peaceful demonstrations ? Look at Hong Kong Riots in Northern Ireland ? Lookat Myanmar Institutional Racism ? Look at the Uighurs Highest Covid Death rate in Europe ? Look at Brazil The UK Media really is just a propaganda machine for a failing UK govt
I 've only just heard about the riots and rising tension in Northern Ireland , why has there barely been any mention in the news and this has been going on for at least week ? ? Not a peep from the government ? Another mess from the Brexit shambles . I hope everyone stays safe
There are riots in Northern Ireland . RIOTS ! So , of course , I was right on the phone to my folks . `` Hi , Dad . Saw that burning car on the roundabout . You make it to golf ? '' `` Yeah , just took a different route '' `` Fair enough ''
What 's the betting that the riots in Northern Ireland or Johnson lying about his success re , TFL during covid news briefing will not be mentioned during PM question time today
Ridiculous that I ’ m only hearing about the riots in Northern Ireland the past week because of Twitter and not from the news . Mental how biased the BBC are for a news outlet who are meant to be impartial
USA media tell the world about Northern Ireland riots - Brexit denying BBC ignore it Northern Ireland police appeal for calm after violent unrest - The Washington Post
Northern Ireland riots : Derry residents fear more trouble as they are left to k up pieces
Riots in Northern Ireland but hey , look at Kim ’ s money ⁦
If the in were happening in China , Tories & MSM would be queuing up to denounce the government regime and divisive politics that led to them Dear Could we have some peacekeepers to protect UK citizens from the Tory Paramilitary ( formerly the police )
Riots and unrest in Northern Ireland British Media & Government : Nothing to see here .......
BBC News channel barely mentions riots in Northern Ireland , but can run a five minute feature on an awful Peaky Blinders themed shed bar .
it 's worth saying that the riots currently happening in Northern Ireland are predominantly because of the Bobby Storey funeral verdict , not anger over customs checks/shortages because of Brexit
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial
Brexit Day 97 The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial
Funny how little the media has covered the brexit riots in Northern Ireland but have been so vocal about the rest
I decided to find out about whats going on in northern Ireland and why there are riots ... i checked the BBC news website on my phone . Apparently there are no riots . Do better
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial
starting to think northern ireland will never change . Riots are basically part of the culture now
Had on since 8am and no mention of riots in Northern Ireland . Why the silence ? I 'll check other news channels to see if they are covering it but it is quite shocking that this is n't getting coverage on the beeb .
I have only just got around to reading piece about the ( staggeringly under-reported ) riots in Northern Ireland , but it is as good and important as people said
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial
Shocking that . 130,000 dead . NHS crippled Tanked economy Brexit shambles Riots Northern Ireland in crisis Mass corruption Taxes siphoned off to the wealthy . people vote for this . Unfuckingreal .
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous . Brexit , Brexit , Brexit .
If there had been 4 days of riots and petrol bombing in , let 's say , Leeds , which is part of the UK , BBC would have to report it . Northern Ireland though , also part of the UK , naw , dinna go near that .... let 's talk about shed of the year instead ...
We 're seeing riots across Europe . They have nothing to do with Brexit or the GFA . You have to be a real scumbag to say the ones in Northern Ireland do . Northern Ireland saw 3000 deaths from civil war and you are trying to restart it because you lost a democratic vote
BBC ordered to replace coverage of Northern Ireland riots with images of Union Flag
Arlene Foster says 'criminal elements ' to blame for Northern Ireland riots
Northern Ireland riots : Derry residents fear more trouble as they are left to k up pieces Scorched roads and torn down fencing in the Sperrin Park area of Nelson Drive bear testament to yet another night of violence across loyalist areas of Londonderry
Why do flames and riots in Northern Ireland make such little impact on UK front pages ?
2 things the UK press and particularly the is ignoring just now . 1 . Riots and disorder in Northern Ireland . If this was anywhere else in the UK it would be front page news . 2 . Russia and Belarus making military moves AGAIN on Ukrainian border .
The dangers of lockdown .... disaffected youth . You can not expect a generation to sit inside doing nothing for months on end . The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial
Bristol - protests on every TV channel and newspaper , condemnation etc . Northern Ireland - full-blown riots ...
Please retweet and share this as it ’ s not on or This is an increasingly dangerous situation . I ’ m sure many of you will recall the mainland bombing campaigns . The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous
Rioting on ANY scale shouldnt be happening ! And trust me even a small riot at the other side of town DOES affect you when you live here ! Ive dealt with this shit my whole life ! Someone is going to be killed and dismissing it is deplorable !
Why is BBC News not reporting on the riots in Northern Ireland ? I only found out through Twitter
Come on Scottish media , instead of asking Salmond about Russian poising ask real questions that affect people in real life . The riots in Northern Ireland are mainly due to brexit and the lies of the tories . Hold them to account ? ? ? Exports to the EU have collapsed ? ?
Northern Ireland rocked by further riots and disorder
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial
I 'm literally from Northern Ireland and yesterday was the first day I heard of any news of the riots , but DO N'T WORRY GUYS KIM KARDASHIAN IS A BILLIONAIRE NOW
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous
We live in crazy times , where the BBC will send swathes of journalists to cover Nicola Sturgeon potentially forgetting a meeting , yet treat days of riots in Northern Ireland like a local news event , similar to Mrs Thompson-Smythe winning a cake competition at the village fete .
BBC is barely covering the riots in Northern Ireland ... Apparently it ’ s not important or something ?
BBC priorities Stories on someone becoming obscenely wealthy - 1 Stories on streets riots in Northern Ireland - 0
The BBC News homepage currently has Kim Kardashian 's wealth as a headline and yet nothing on literal riots in Northern Ireland as a result of Brexit
Totally agree . British media has been obsessed with covering protests and riots on the European continent - at times in a rather sensationalist manner , almost as if to prove some point - while neglecting what 's happening in Northern Ireland .
Today 's newslinks : Oxford pauses child trial of AstraZeneca vaccine ; pupils must wear facemasks at school until mid-May ; Northern Ireland riots - 41 police hurt in Unionist violence ; and the BBC is to pump £40m into channel aimed at young .
Maybe the riots in Northern Ireland are n't getting covered by the mainstream media as no statues of Churchill are in danger of being vandalised ...
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous
Northern Ireland : 41 officers injured during riots , says PSNI – Yorkshire Bylines
SHAME ON YOU BBC
Do you think social media has been asked to suppress or mute anything involving Northern Ireland right now ? I only had one tweet a few days ago from someone that was a little vague . I 've had to go search it out . Find out how little has been spread about the riots . Spread it .
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial
Crikey ! BBC starting to report on riots in Northern Ireland . Unsure about how Brexiters will respond to claims that the youthful rioters are influenced by `` sinister '' forces .
So is no longer part of the ? Are nights of equal to the told by and not considered or are you just a division of machine I.e . no is better than the
This is what the BBC thinks is newsworthy today as their ‘ Top Stories ’ ( including Kim Kardashian ’ s wealth ) . No mention of the riots in Northern Ireland . I had to search under regional news to find it . What a disgrace the BBC has become !
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous
The riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous . “ Brexit , whether trade barriers were established on the island of Ireland or in the Irish Sea , was always destined to disrupt the fragile network of compromises that made up the Good Friday agreement . ”
Riots in Northern Ireland , anybody ?
Riots , violence just beginning again . WHo would willingly facilitate this mess ? ( Clue with shares in arms , obviously wanting to use NI as a testing ground )
A story the UK media seems to be remarkably quiet about ... The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial
Why is online currently showing a top story about Kim Kardashian ’ s wealth but not a story about the riots in Northern Ireland . Journalism is finished for the majority of the media in the UK and this just highlights it more .
How the hell did I not know that there are riots happening in Northern Ireland right now , that have been going on for days ? Why is this not in the news ?
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous . “ The violence testifies to a dangerous sense of grievance in unionist communities , as the politics of Brexit play out ”
Northern Ireland does not need more ideology to misrepresent it . The riots in northern ireland may well have happened if we had all voted remain . Their politicians need to face the heat , not just ours in westminster .
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous Editorial Violence by loyalist youths over the Easter weekend is evidence of an increasingly febrile atmosphere
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial
Northern Ireland riots : 41 police hurt in Unionist violence
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
The Police Service of Northern Ireland said two boys , aged 13 and 14 , are among eight people arrested in connection with riots in a loyalist area of Belfast .
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Northern Ireland riots : UDA warned business owners to close early or risk being attacked
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial Violence by loyalist youths over the Easter weekend is evidence of an increasingly febrile atmosphere
For years we 've been saying that Brexit would lead to more violence in Northern Ireland if we were n't taken into consideration with deals . Now here we are , riots across the country and unsurprisingly no one cares
The riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous ~ Editorial ~ ~
I ’ m slightly disappointed with quoting the PM saying “ no checks ” out of context in this clip when trying to make a point about the Protocol in their report about the riots Sadly such disingenuousness is now all too common
Northern Ireland : 41 officers injured during riots , says PSNI – Yorkshire Bylines
Brexit riots : EU ambassador calls on unionist leaders to focus on making the protocol work rather than fighting against it “ The protocol is the solution for the problems created by Brexit in Northern Ireland and that ’ s where I believe we should focus , ” Thanks boris
Everyone : “ Brexit will challenge the peace in Northern Ireland ! ” Brexiteers : “ Naaaaaah . Brexit good ! ” Years later : Johnson : “ I got Brexit done ! ” Northern Ireland : * riots , threats , disaster * But yeah , nobody could have known this might happen .
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial
My BBC app homepage is currently showing a story about Kim Kardashian ’ s wealth but not a story about the riots in Northern Ireland . I generally try to be supportive of the BBC - but that is mind-boggling .
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial
Wonder if hams are happy about the riots they have caused in ?
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous
Northern Ireland riots : UDA warned business owners to close early or risk being attacked
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous
There are riots in Northern Ireland right now tied to political figures ignoring lockdown guidelines and Brexit . It ’ s crazy to me there isn ’ t more coverage of this in Britain .
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous
Since April 2 , 2021 , Good Friday for both Catholic , Protestant and Orthodox Christians , the tensions , which since Brexit were escalating in the loyalist regions of Northern Ireland over the Post-Brexit border system , got out of hand ended in riots on the streets of
British Followers ! Please give this video a watch and a RT . Spread the word your media won ’ t - it ’ s much appreciated . What the British Media WO N'T TELL YOU about in 2021 ...
This hasn ’ t aged well , with rioting in Belfast . Brexit continues to unite the UK . Does the new include a crackdown on sectarian bands whipping up tension and hatred !
Alot of people our asking y is northern Ireland starting to riot again ( the truth ) it 's the end of budget year the police need more spending power for next year so they collaborate with uff and ira kick start the shit again media say it 's over a funeral.when you see you see
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Riots in Northern Ireland , Stephen Hendry and Jimmy White going head to head in a World Championship match and Morton have conceded a goal from a pass back . Have we shifted back to the 1990s ?
I think it 's concerning that none of the news channels can take more than a couple of minutes to analyze for the viewing public why there is continual rioting in Northern Ireland . If this were the GB mainland there would be special reports over riots in cities . Very odd .
We now go to our coverage of the Northern Ireland riots , with constrasting views from both the Republic of Ireland and the Island of Great Britain
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial : Violence by loyalist youths over the Easter weekend is evidence of an increasingly febrile atmosphere The…
The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial
Why are there riots in Northern Ireland ? See below .
Brexit riots getting worse in Northern Ireland . Another result of What catastrophe is for our country .
GUARDIAN/OBSERVER UK : `` The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial |
Why is no news reporting this ? ? ⁦ ⁦ Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots | Belfast | The Guardian
GUARDIAN/OBSERVER Politics : `` The Guardian view on the riots in Northern Ireland : situation dangerous | Editorial ``
Northern Ireland please stop the riots , 7 days straight , still going , no government statement ! I can not believe this
Reports on serious riots in Northern Ireland arrived 23 minutes into the at 6pm . Similar riots in Jerusalem would feature higher . London newsrooms simply do n't care about Northern Ireland even those these riots could be the precursor of something far worse .
All I seem to have heard from today has been IVF prices and hand-ringing over foreign holidays . Did I miss the coverage of riots in
Northern Ireland riots : UDA warned business owners to close early or risk being attacked
‘ The Northern Island Protocol is an unmitigated disaster ’ . Northern Ireland : 41 officers injured during riots , says PSNI – Why isn ’ t this headline news ? ? ? ! ! !
`` Northern Ireland : 41 officers injured during riots , says PNSI `` - See
Sporadic riots in NI present a serious political problem for Johnson . The withdrawal agreement , of which the NI protocol is a part , was agreed by him & presented to the electorate as an “ oven ready deal ” | Anthony Robinson
Northern Ireland : 41 officers injured during riots , says PNSI
Rioting in NI . Where is Johnson and the media ? Fingers in ears pretending it isn ’ t happening
The cause of these riots in Northern Ireland is complex and nuanced - but little attention is being paid in Westminster , writes
Northern Ireland riots : Nine more police officers injured during loyalist violence as Naomi Long says politicians 'fanned flames ' - via
Northern Ireland riots : Nine more police officers injured during loyalist violence as Naomi Long says politicians 'fanned flames '
WATCH LIVE : First Minister speaks following several nights of riots across Northern Ireland
WATCH LIVE : First Minister speaks following several nights of riots across Northern Ireland
Riots on British Streets , 41 police injured but no statues damaged so not bothered .
loyalist riots Alleged link : PSNI frustrations & = 41 Officers injured / 10 arrests •/ 7 • 2 • 2 • , • • * Parades : / * Hoax -
And here 's the weather report from Northern Ireland : Saturday : got sunburned Sunday : bunch of riots Monday : now , frostbite When I woke up today I half-expected fucking werewolves .
The violent clashes in Northern Ireland show Brexit isn ’ t “ done ” The cause of these riots is complex and nuanced – but little attention is being paid in Westminster .
Special Report : Why are loyalists rioting in Northern Ireland with and
Northern Ireland has left the UK has n't it ? The ca n't even report on the riots there or the dissatisfaction in NI regarding the
Dear Just because you have decided barely report 7 days of riots threatening the Good Friday agreement going on in Northern Ireland to the rest of the UK public Does not mean the rest of the world will not notice The USA has noticed & its president is Irish American
These days , post-Brexit riots have gripped Northern Ireland . Clashes in Ireland have injured scores of police officers .
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
An intense riot in the heart of loyalist South Belfast has raised fears of a return to violence and disorder in British-controlled Northern Ireland .
loyalist riots Alleged link : PSNI frustrations ( SF funeral ) & - 32 Officers injured •Derry/Londonderry •Newtownabbey •Sandy Row , Belfast •Carrickfergus •Ballymena •Cookstown * Clashes/Protests : Shankill * Hoax bomb - Larne
What is Jamie talking about , no one in Northern Ireland is surprised at these violent riots , he , Moore , Richard , the LCC and Unionist politicians talked about it for weeks before it happened and he tries to justify it by blaming Nationalists who protested for equal rights
2021 Northern Ireland riots
And yet we can all see the truth how can anybody support the government that have destroyed Britain I left the great out intentionally No £350 million for nhs Riots in Northern Ireland Exports halved Job losses Freedom of movement Food shortages Pensioners abroad + more
Violence breaks out in Northern Ireland again as masked loyalists march in streets has destroyed peace in Ireland peace in Scotland peace in England and peace in Europe . His legacy will be looked back on as increased deaths & riots .
An intense riot in the heart of loyalist South has raised fears of a return to violence and disorder in British-controlled Northern .
In Ms Meuret 's course , we 've talked about the protocol which requires checks on goods entering the country . It 's now causing some riots because `` unionists and loyalists worry it could become an antechamber to Irish unity '' .
𝗘𝗡𝗚𝗟𝗜𝗦𝗛 𝗥𝗘𝗠𝗔𝗜𝗡𝗘𝗥𝗦 You are 𝒐𝒏𝒄𝒆 𝒂𝒈𝒂𝒊𝒏 using Northern Ireland when it suits your political needs . The riots here are partly due to the NI Protocol but mostly due to Loyalists feeling the PSNI are siding with Sinn Féin on COVID lockdown violations .
Weather forecast for Northern Ireland : flurries of snow with a possibility of riots in Loyalist areas later .
no £350 m for nhs riots in Northern Ireland exports halved job losses freedom of movement immigrants deported food shortages project fear
The Northern riots , do n't let the DUP off ! The grubby deal the made to prop up and the Tories led us all the way here ... every step they took made `` No deal '' a reality . Regardless of the side of the fence you 're on , they are money grubbing traitors
Not one mention of the riots in Northern Ireland over the PSNI or Sinn Fien on any news anywere else in UK the protocol hasnt helped matters either
Very little coverage by MSM of riots in Northern Ireland by Unionists , as the UK begins to break up . has done a great job .
‘ Troubles ’ 2.0 ? Riots Erupt In Northern Ireland Amid Brexit Tensions , COVID Confusion
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
What is wrong with Northern Ireland , first riots and now snow
Violence . Riots . Twelve year olds . More riots . Food shortages . Funerals with 24 people . Cars on fire . Drug busts . AND THAT 'S JUST LAST WEEK . So why are n't we seeing ANY of this on the news ?
Northern Ireland : Police blame teenagers and criminal gangs for nightly riots
Northern Ireland sees three nights of violence as tensions mount - CNN . The fruit of Boris Johnson ’ s lies about Brexit . Unionist demonstrators riot against Brexit . The Unionist Party was key in supporting Johnson and advancing Brexit .
Not a mention of the Northern Ireland Brexit Riots on news . It ’ s almost as if they don ’ t want to report the serious disruptions caused by
So every household in England is getting send free coronavirus tests twice a week and their non essential shops , pubs , tattoo and piercing places are opening in a few days . What is happening in Northern Ireland ? Riots I hate it here
Trouble in Northern Ireland again as they riot over what is described as 'two tier policing ' on top of the already angered Brits over the Irish sea border .
Brexit riots in Northern Ireland , nothing . Minor celeb changes name spelling ‘ hold the front page ’ . Civilisation and accountability were good while they lasted .
While the latest riots in Northern Ireland have crossed the threshold of international newsworthiness , this routine paramilitary brutality , which does n't get reported outside the region , continues to rumble in the background .
. Just had a look at the main stories on your app . There is a “ top story ” of a nude balcony photo shoot in Dubai , but absolutely nothing about riots in Northern Ireland . Not newsworthy ? Or are you acting on instructions not to report on them ?
Police blame teenagers and criminal gangs for Northern Ireland riots ( The Independent ) Teenagers and criminal gangs have been blamed for a third night of violence in Northern Irel ... Add your highlights :
Northern Ireland : Police blame teenagers and criminal gangs for nightly riots
Loyalists in Northern Ireland have been involved in riots stemming from their fear of a united Ireland brought on by Brexit . The Northern Ireland protocol is causing more problems than the EU and UK government has imagined
Northern Ireland : Police blame teenagers and criminal gangs for nightly riots - The Independent
The Northern Ireland Protocol unionist resistance consists of the following : - 1 ) Not talking to anyone 2 ) Bonfires 3 ) Parades 4 ) Flags 5 ) Riots I feel like I 've witnessed all this before and where did it get them ?
back in in many cities across the country about showing the anger have successfully created so much fury and distraction nobody is looking at their and
Riots have been taking place in Northern Ireland since Friday amid growing tensions over the consequences of . Young people from loyalist ( pro-British ) neighbourhoods revolted in Belfast , Derry , Newtownabbey and Carrickfergus . # NorthernIreland
Police blame teenagers and criminal gangs for Northern Ireland riots
Sunlit uplands . Metro : Cars hijacked and set alight as riots in Northern Ireland continue .
Police blame teenagers and criminal gangs for Northern Ireland riots
Northern Ireland riots
Sunday special -Major Riots in England & Northern Ireland ... via
Although you 'd never know from watching BBC NEWS , the main cause of the violent riots in Northern Ireland is the result of BOZO 's Brexit Settlement that creates a border with the mainland - Unionist feel betrayed & abandoned .
Cars hijacked and set alight as riots in Northern Ireland continue - UK
Fighting Stigma : Boy ( 13 ) arrested in connection with riots on streets of Belfast : A burnt-out car at the Cloughfern roundabout junction following a night of loyalist violence in Belfast , Northern Ireland , which led to several arrests . Photo ...
Riots in Northern Ireland Send Shockwaves through the Area
It does n't matter where the border 's put , it 's unworkable . Setting a tent up over a cowpat , moving it over to another cowpat makes no difference . It stinks just as much . Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Horrifying images of the riots in with petrol bombs being thrown . Tensions have escalated after created a regulatory border between and the rest of the .
Northern Ireland police appeal for calm after violent unrest
`` Northern Ireland '' is a failed state ...
What ’ s happening in Northern Ireland ? BBC & MSM seem to be ignoring riots ? Is it because of Sinn Fein , Loyalists , Brexit or because of govt orders ?
Darwinism . Belfast northern ireland loyalist riots set himself on fire via
As Northern Ireland descends into riots , worth remembering that the UK was co-ruled by terrorists for two years .
Any experts on Northern Irish politics available for a zoom interview about the riots for an explainer/analysis video .
Northern Ireland - riots for a second night
Can not believe have this story higher up the page than NI riots
Brexiteers . ... could you explain the riots in Northern Ireland please .
Remember when Brexiters accused the Irish gov of scaremongering by playing the 'violence will return to the North ' card ? The silence from Westminster on the Loyalist riots in Northern Ireland speaks volumes .
Arlene Foster & her DUP brethren must bear more than a little responsibility for the current riots in Ireland . When you are in a leadership position and you sow a message of hate & divisiveness it ’ s no great surprise when it results in violence .
Mr ‘ Red Backpack ’ not that fussed about being identified as more riots kick off in Northern Ireland .
Stop riots now before lives are lost , pleads Northern Ireland justice minister [
Happy easter from Northern Ireland i guess ... The country is in riots , government in shambles and no media seems to want to cover it . Arent these supposed to be scenes of the past that my generation were n't supposed to have to deal with ?
11am bulletin on channel & not a mention of riots in Northern Ireland . Obviously not enough room to get it in between the propaganda piece at the start .
To those rioting in Northern Ireland : Are you nuts ? ! This is n't helpful ! Protests ? Fine . Riots ? Not fine . Fire bombs ? Awful ! Engage in discourse . Object . Protest . March . ... but no violence .
Chaotic situation in Northern Ireland as it has been ongoing for few days . The factor of the violence ( riot ) is obvious one ( Brexit & why there is a border in the Irish Sea & NI being treated different than GB as it is in EU CU ) .
Riots in Northern Ireland ( not reported properly on the news ) , ongoing trade decimation , gov not banning substances that the EU did years ago , etc etc . Just a normal Monday in brexitland !
Northern Ireland is going through some stuff with these riots
Northern Ireland officials condemn violence after 15 police officers injured in Belfast riots | Euronews
Riots in over weekend as tensions rise over post regulatory border between and the rest of the .
A roundabout is a very appropriate location for night after night of pointless , ‘ recreational rioting ’ . Round and round we go .
Do the people in know that the riots are being ignored by the ?
... you are quiet now ... you told me that I was talking bollocks when I said that would retrigger `` the troubles '' in . For the 7th night there have been riots . Happy now ?
`` Funny how Tory voters condemned the BLM and Kill the Bill ' protests , but are keeping quiet over the Brexit riots in Northern Ireland by British loyalists . '' Via Ken Glass
is less than a year old and already it is causing riots in UK streets . Northern Ireland is only the beginning .
On your heads Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Anti-Brexit riots in Northern Ireland
'Troubles ' 2.0 ? Riots Erupt In Northern Ireland Amid Brexit Tensions , COVID Confusion
GMS reporting the riots in Northern Ireland that bricks and bottles are being thrown at police officers . Forgot to mention that those bottles are filled with petrol . Wonder why that is
Apart from the highest Covid death rates in Europe , record knife crime in London , loss of right to protest , police brutality against unarmed women , riots in Bristol , carnage in Northern Ireland and the lowest pensions in the developed world what have the Tories done for us .
Brexit induced riots in Northern Ireland and the corrupt UK government seem to have enforced a media blackout .
Welcome to Northern Ireland where the PSNI send armed officers to check bus tickets but you can riot like fuck with little consequence .
‘ Loyalists and unionists have argued that post-Brexit trading arrangements create barriers between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK. ’ Belfast riots are because of .
Some current glaring examples : -Northern Ireland riots -Kill the Bill protests -Brexit economic damage -Lack of vaccine uptake/serious side-effects & deaths ...
Is there a media blackout on certain news or is it just my news feed ? I don ’ t seem to be getting media coverage from Northern Ireland riots , Brexit trade agreement- revisit , data deadlines , further negotiations ?
'Petrol bombs were also thrown at police on the North Road in Carrickfergus , County Antrim , on Sunday night . 'Earlier a 47-year-old man was charged with riot and throwing a petrol bomb following trouble in Newtownabbey on Saturday night '
More riots in Belfast and other cities in Northern Ireland .
Officers injured as protest on British rule turns into riot in Northern ... via * Liberate Northern Ireland
'Troubles ' 2.0 ? Riots In Amid Brexit Tensions , COVID Confusion
Loyalist gangs continue to riot across Northern Ireland as Brexit-related political tensions mount in the British-controlled territory .
Back to the future with riots on the streets of again . Tensions escalated after the post trading arrangements created a regulatory border for trade between and the rest of the .
Police attacked with petrol bombs in Northern Ireland rioting
Northern Ireland riots
'Troubles ' 2.0 ? Riots Erupt In Northern Ireland Amid Brexit Tensions , COVID Confusion | ZeroHedge
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots | Belfast | The Guardian
'Troubles ' 2.0 ? Riots Erupt In Northern Ireland Amid Brexit Tensions , COVID Confusion
'Troubles ' 2.0 ? Riots Erupt In Northern Ireland Amid Brexit Tensions , COVID Confusion
Via this is euro news , this will not be good for the British or the Loyalist its all around the world now as president Biden keeps a watch from america Northern Ireland officials condemn violence after 15 police officers injured in Belfast riots
Protests by across turned violent , with Molotov cocktails , “ fireworks , and manhole covers ” used to attack police , fifteen of whom were wounded in , and twelve more in
riots
The worst thing about looking through the Northern Ireland riot footage , which I think is important , is reading the goading tweet replies from Union Jack flag shaggers daring them to go further . Sitting in a cosy home in Scotland or England with no riots in yer street .... scum !
Northern Ireland appeals for calm after violent riots
‘ Troubles ’ 2.0 ? Riots Erupt In Northern Ireland Amid Brexit Tensions , COVID Confusion
Trouble in Northern Ireland again tonight as they riot over what is described as 'two tier policing ' on top of the already angered Brits over the Irish sea border .
Northern Ireland officials condemn violence after 15 police officers injured in Belfast riots | Euronews
Troubles ' 2.0 ? Riots Erupt In Northern Ireland Amid Brexit Tensions , COVID Confusion `` What is the point in this ? Destroying your own communities is not the way to protest or vent . '' ( Durden )
What ’ s all the riots in Northern Ireland over ?
Sunday special -Major Riots in England & Northern Ireland ... via We are sleepwalking into trouble ..
Northern Ireland appeals for calm after violent riots
Northern Ireland riots on Easter Weekend .... Boring fucks the lot of them
Northern appeals for calm after riots - Apr 4 @ 4:25 PM ET
-scale riots , fire on the roads via
'Troubles ' 2.0 ? Riots Erupt In Northern Ireland Amid Brexit Tensions , COVID Confusion `` What is the point in this ? Destroying your own communities is not the way to protest or vent . ''
'Orchestrated attack on police ' : Northern Ireland appeals for calm after violent riots
When you just wanted to get drunk and play overwatch on your night off by yourself but Northern Ireland is full of shitters and riots break out in your area .
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Mental that if 5 days of continuous riots happened in any of the other 3 UK countries it 'd be front page news but it 's a tiny newstory because it 's in Northern Ireland
Police Officers Injured During Violent Riots in ... via
no media coverage of the riots in Northern Ireland , but they ’ ll happily discuss the unionising of the countries and how brexit affects the borders .
There are literally loyalist riots going on in Northern Ireland but yeah belt away there with a United Ireland .
Thanks for the riots , Brexit . Sure , what were we doing with the tumultuous peace we had in Northern Ireland anyway ? Pretty much nothing . Sure we can hardly blame you for not giving a fuck .
Molotov Riots : Protester on fire in N. Ireland Violence gripped the outskirts of Belfast in Northern Ireland , as a wave of riots saw police vans targeted . One protester appeared to set himself on fire while approaching police . Northern Irish loyalists have been protesting Brexit
'Troubles ' 2.0 ? Riots Erupt In Northern Ireland Amid Brexit Tensions , COVID Confusion | ZeroHedge
Loyalist gangs continue to riot across Northern Ireland as Brexit-related political tensions mount in the British-controlled territory .
Troubles ' 2.0 ? Riots Erupt In Northern Ireland Amid Brexit Tensions , COVID Confusion
'Troubles ' 2.0 ? Riots Erupt In Northern Ireland Amid Brexit Tensions , COVID Confusion
The growing tensions in Northern Ireland erupted in a night of `` chaos '' , according to police in a suburb of the capital , Belfast . Several dozen people carried out an `` organized attack on the police '' in Newtownabbey on Saturday evening ,
'Troubles ' 2.0 ? Riots Erupt In Northern Ireland Amid Brexit Tensions , COVID Confusion
Nothing on the riots in Northern Ireland on the MSM . Still part of the UK last time i looked .
Loyalist gangs continue to riot across Northern Ireland as Brexit-related political tensions mount in the British-controlled territory .
Northern Ireland Officials Condemn Violence After 15 Police Officers Injured in Belfast Riots
Has anyone not in Northern Ireland heard of the riots that ’ ve been going on ?
Unrest in Northern Ireland : 27 police officers injured as riots occur in Belfast and Derry -
On BBC News : Second night of riots in Northern Ireland Not on BBC News : Second week of protests against government See what the problem is ?
Loyalist gangs continue to riot across Northern Ireland as Brexit-related political tensions mount in the British-controlled territory .
Trouble in Northern Ireland . 16 police officers injured . Brexit riots and very little on English news . Bizarre .
Have the Daily Mail blamed the riots in Northern Ireland on BLM yet ?
Riots in Northern Ireland , protests all over plague island , NHS underfunded & halfway sold to Americans ! WAS JOHNSON SENT BY THE CIA ?
Sunday special -Major Riots in England & Northern Ireland ... via
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
The DUP are 'the cancer that is killing ' Northern Ireland , and their principles of division and hatred are to blame for riots across the country , this caller tells Maajid Nawaz .
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots - `` THIS IS JOHNSONS HE OWNS IT ''
27 officers hurt in riots ( Northern Ireland )
2nd night of unrest in Northern Ireland : 27 police officers injured as riots occur in Belfast and Derry
Westminister has yet to comment on the loyalist riots in Northern Ireland no surprises there .
Sunday special -Major Riots in England & Northern Ireland ... via
Sunday special -Major Riots in England & Northern Ireland ... via
Bonfire Of Inanities Belfast is alight but we got Brexit done , hail to the armalite , happy Easter to the gun . And there are no alibis , no going back , as those little white lies burn ugly and black .
`` secretary calls for calm after Belfast riots . Brandon Lewis says violence ‘ completely unacceptable ’ after eight police officers injured in loyalist area ''
Sunday special -Major Riots in England & Northern Ireland ... via
Unrest in Northern Ireland : 27 police officers injured as riots occur in Belfast and Derry -
Send the kids out to because they are fuming at the Northern Ireland godfathers face unexplained wealth orders on KYC360
No coverage of the riots in Northern Ireland ? ?
Riots and violence on the streets of Northern Ireland | On The Record with Gavan Reilly Highlights
Loyalist Unrest in Northern Ireland : 27 police officers injured as riots occur in Belfast and Derry -
Love a riot in Northern Ireland , they do it proper though . Not like these stinky tree huggers over here .
Fighting Stigma : Fears mount of another night of violence in Northern Ireland : Earlier the Police Service of Northern Ireland said two boys , aged 13 and 14 , are among eight people arrested in connection with riots in a loyalist ...
The people in Northern Ireland are n't unhappy about their Northern Ireland Brexit trade deal . It 's an excuse for them to riot , because that 's all they do . They are anarchists . Through and through .
Are there riots going on in ? Would never have guessed .. not on the news ..
Cars hijacked and set alight as riots in Northern Ireland continue via
Unrest in Northern Ireland : 27 police officers injured as riots occur in Belfast and Derry
Dominic Raab dismisses violence in Northern Ireland as it is on the other side of the world and not relevant to the UK .... Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Everyone in rUK surprised to find there have been `` events in NI '' Because nobody ever reports them Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Northern Ireland police appeal for calm after cars set on fire in Newtownabbey and fourth night of riots in loyalist area in Derry and disturbances in Belfast . 27 police injured . Protests relate to Sinn Fein presence at a funeral in lockdown + Brexit
Northern Ireland officials condemn violence after 15 police officers injured in Belfast riots
Riots across Northern Ireland , same old shite I hate this place ..
( Metro ) : hijacked and set alight as riots in Ireland continue : There are fears that the unrest could carry on into a sixth night . ..
after knowing peace for so long , to see riots and violence being used after all this time is so sad .. northern ireland really is n't the place to be right now
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots . The EEC was founded to maintain peace . Peace in Northern Ireland was part of the EU peace dividend . The Brexiters have callously risked throwing all that away .
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
riots
15 Police Officers Injured During Violent Unionist Riot in Over Post- Trade Local unionists & loyalists have in recent weeks expressed staunch opposition to the Northern Ireland Protocol , a part of the newly concluded Brexit trade deal
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots .
Heartbreaking news lately from NI Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
All the defenders who claim the demonstrations were nothing short of riots and the police deserved to be heavy handed . This was Northern Ireland last night . For the avoidance of doubt this is what a riot looks like .
Brexit protesters in Northern Ireland set cars alight , attack police - ABC News | ⁦ are you really planning your “ Churchill moment ” speech ? 150K+ dead and Brexit riots on the horizon
It 's only April . Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Radio : whats going on in Northern Ireland this weekend ? Riots , car jackings & petrol bombs . Brexit was mentioned
Northern Ireland officials condemn violence after 15 police officers injured in Belfast riots | Euronews Brexit has done this . People of the UK we can not tolerate this extremist and highly unethical govt , fanning the flames of division and distrust .
Strange how the BBC NEWS is down-playing the riots in Northern Ireland & so disinterested in its cause .... ( especially when a major part of their complaint is against the Brexit arrangements that have created a border with the mainland )
I have been quite busy trying to keep calm in my local town . I did warn and this would happen remove the Northern Ireland protocol now before another riot happens
Northern Ireland secretary calls for calm after riots in loyalist area of Belfast
Watching riots in Northern Ireland , if you throw petrol bombs at a police vehicle with officers inside it that is attempted murder surely ! Why didn ’ t the police shoot the guys involved ?
Sad to read about this eruption of riots in NI since Good Friday . Fears mount of another night of violence in Northern Ireland
In Northern Ireland riots broke out in Belfast yesterday . According to the authorities , 8 policemen were injured . Unrest and disorder continue as a result of the implementation of Ireland 's so-called maritime border .
Well done 20 years of peace going up in smoke just to satisfy your infantile ego ! Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Eight members of the Police Service of Northern Ireland are injured and eight people arrested during riot in Sandy Row area of south Belfast .
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots | Belfast | The Guardian
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots Arlene Foster appeals to young people not to join violence Loyalists and unionists have argued post-Brexit trading arrangements create barriers between NI and rest of UK
An intense riot in the heart of loyalist South Belfast has raised fears of a return to violence and disorder in British-controlled Northern Ireland .
WATCH : A line of police officers and several armored vehicles move toward a crowd of protesters in South Belfast . The small protest turned into a riot Friday night , according to the Police Service of Northern Ireland . Fifteen officers were injured and seven people were arrested
I always try to promote the very many positive aspects of Northern Ireland but there are days when even I struggle
So the Beeb n CNN have chapter n verse on some Jordan royal family stooshie yet nothing about ongoing riots in Northern Ireland ! ! !
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots .
The Tories must pay for what they 've started : Fears mount over another night of violence in Politicians appeal for calm after 27 police officers injured during riots .
Riots in Northern Ireland , Fishing industry taking gvmt to court , exports to EU collapse . Brexit is the clear and only reason for all these and more . Labour 's inability to nail these predictable outcomes to the tories is woeful . Brexit has to be the new attack line from Labour .
Fighting Stigma : Northern Ireland 's first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots : Eight people were arrested , including a 13-year-old boy . Arlene Foster , the Democratic Unionist party leader , said : “ I know that many of our young ...
Fuck I love being from the North . We are mad on both sides . More of a riot than the grafton street chase . Hup Northern Ireland/the occupied 6/the north/ulster whatever . Nada beats it .
- You are entirely personally responsible for this ! ! Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Fighting Stigma : Northern Ireland 's first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots : ... create barriers between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK . ... “ I think it 's a tragedy that any child in Northern Ireland is sitting in a custody…
Police Officers were injured during a violent riot in Belfast , Northern Ireland Mark 13:8 - Disturbances
( Daily Express ) : unrest : Fears as hijacked cars set on fire in Newtownabbey after rioting : RIOTS in Northern Ireland continue for a second night as protestors set on fire hijacked cars , according to reports . ..
» Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots | Belfast | The Guardian
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
An intense riot in the heart of loyalist South Belfast has raised fears of a return to violence and disorder in British-controlled Northern Ireland .
New post ( Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots ) published on -
: Boy , 13 , among arrests after 15 police officers injured in riot
Well , surprise , surprise . Brexit has turned out to be a threat to peace in Northern Ireland . Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Brexit is clearly playing a part in inflaming these tensions - Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Protests in cities . Riots in . taking back control . will fix it ? don ’ t vote
Fighting Stigma : Police officers injured in riot in Belfast : ... a tragedy that any child , because let 's bear in mind a 13-year-old is a young child , I think it 's a tragedy that any child in Northern Ireland is sitting in a ...
It is heartbreaking to see the gangster ringleaders ruin young people ’ s lives - and the failure in political leadership on both sides is awful ... Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Update : Hearing about large riots in Northern Ireland . Ca n't find a lot of info on it though .
Another unfortunate and predictable consequence of Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots | Belfast | The Guardian
Arlene Foster attacks police chief for Sinn Fein bias , knowing exactly what that will do , then tries to act like it 's nothing to do with her . `` Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots ''
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Lighting Molotov off burning car then thrown at riot landrover , Northern Ireland , 2nd night of violence
The DUP are doing their hardest to act invisible over their part in stirring up sectarian tensions and riots over the past few nights in loyalist areas in Northern Ireland !
More riots across Northern Ireland , anger about EU protocol and two tier policing is exploding in Loyalist areas from Belfast to Londonderry
Officers injured as protest on British rule turns into riot in Northern Ireland
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots | Belfast | The Guardian
It ’ s so concerning . Northern Ireland officials condemn violence after 15 police officers injured in Belfast riots | Euronews
Northern Ireland secretary calls for calm after riots in loyalist area of Belfast | The Independent
Blimey ... riots back in vogue in due to the ... whoever could have predicted that ( for the past 5 years ) ? ? ? Ca n't be true .... must be
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots ~ ~
What 's happening in Northern Ireland is loyalists rioting but , according to on tonight , it 's `` low-level rioting . '' Just trying to imagine what constitutes a `` low-level '' riot .
RIOTS has that been on the news Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Northern Ireland : Boy , 13 , among arrests after 15 police officers injured in Belfast riot - Sky News
After riots at a demonstration in the Northern Irish capital , Belfast , the British minister responsible , Simon Walls , has called for calm . `` I call on all those involved to immediately stop this deplorable behavior , '' said Walls ,
‘ As ya sow , so shall ye reap ’ : Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots | Belfast | The Guardian
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Northern Ireland secretary calls for calm after riots in loyalist area of Belfast
Congratulations Brexshitters . GFA was hard-won - and holding . Another thing smashed and spoiled on the Altar of Tax Avoidance . Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Northern Ireland : Boy , 13 , among arrests after 15 police officers injured in Belfast riot
Peace is a pot delicately made , easily broken | Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots -
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Northern Ireland officials condemn violence after 15 police officers injured in Belfast riots | Euronews
Officers injured as protest on British rule turns into riot in Northern Ireland
Northern Ireland : Stormont ’ s first minister has joined calls for calm after riots in Belfast , urging young people “ not to get drawn into disorder ” and parents to protect their children .
Northern Ireland : Boy , 13 , among arrests after 15 police officers injured in Belfast riot People not happy that you didn ’ t prosecute any of the IRA over the COVID-19 breaches . You ’ ve bought this on yourselves
Whenever street tensions , public vs police , start occurring Northern Ireland , England , can be pretty sure there is a Conservative government lurking in the background UK . Has become like a trademark of Conservative governments - full-scale riots often follow .
At 8 with Daryl - 27 police officers have been injured after riots in separate cities in Northern Ireland last night .
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
NIFM tries to reflect her complicity . Shocking . Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Northern Ireland : Boy , 13 , among arrests after 15 police officers injured in Belfast riot - Sky News
Northern Ireland officials condemn violence after 15 police officers injured in Belfast riots - Euronews
Northern Ireland : Boy , 13 , among arrests after 15 police officers injured in Belfast riot
Northern Ireland : Boy , 13 , among arrests after 15 police officers injured in Belfast riot
first minister joins calls for calm after riots . Arlene Foster appeals to young people not to join violence after eight police officers injured in loyalist area
No statement from UK gov on this ? Surely they have some reassuring words - Protest and riots 5 nights in a row Northern Ireland officials condemn violence after 15 police officers injured in riots after clashes with loyalist protesters in Belfast Euronews
Northern Ireland : Boy , 13 , among arrests after 15 police officers injured in Belfast riot
The Trouble With Troubles : Northern ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots [
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast BREXIT riots
Brexit throwing petrol on the semtex fire in Northern Ireland with more riots ? Weaker economy before NI Tunnel touches down fanning the flames and molotov cocktails . Uncle Joe rides to the rescue with the Mayo 7th Cavalry ? Time for Change
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
So why is that that street parties in the U.K. make headlines in the BBC , but riots in Northern Ireland against Brexit deal do not ? I think I smell a Rat !
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
8 police officers injured during riots in Belfast , Northern Ireland Secretary calls for calm
CW images and discussion of riots , police Bolsting this because people need to be aware of the predictable mess Brexit has caused in Northern Ireland . It 'll only get worse . `` [ NI Sec ] appeals for calm after `` completely unacceptable '' rioting in Belfast ''
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
I ’ m truly saddened ... as a society we need to sort out underlying social tensions , frustration & discrimination . Children shouldn ’ t be in this . Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Northern Ireland ’ s first minister joins calls for calm after Belfast riots
Northern Ireland secretary calls for calm after Belfast riots
Northern Ireland secretary calls for calm after Belfast riots
`` secretary calls for calm after Belfast riots . Brandon Lewis says violence ‘ completely unacceptable ’ after eight police officers injured in loyalist area ''
Northern Ireland secretary calls for calm after Belfast riots
Northern secretary calls for calm after riots
Northern Ireland secretary calls for calm after Belfast riots
Northern Ireland secretary calls for calm after Belfast riots
■ Northern Ireland □ Sandy Row : PSNI officers injured in south Belfast riot □ Petrol bombs , bricks and bottles were thrown at police during sustained rioting in the Sandy Row area of Belfast on Friday night .
Northern Ireland Secretary calls for calm after Belfast riot
It really confuses me when I see prods fight the police in Northern Ireland . It ’ s like watching the Klitschko brothers fight each other
Sandy Row riot : NI secretary appeals for calm after Belfast riot – NewsEverything NorthernIreland
Eight Police Officers Injured During Violent Unionist Riot in Over Post- Trade via
Petrol bombs thrown at police in south Belfast riot - Petrol bombs , bricks and bottles were thrown at police during sustained rioting in the Sandy Row area of Belfast on Friday night . The Police Service of Northern Ireland ( PSNI ) said eight o ...
Post On last night 's rioting in Belfast
The riots in Belfast are front page news on all the main Irish news websites . Not so in the British media - the story seems to be largely ignored . There was a border in the Irish Sea long before brought about the Northern Ireland Protocol .
Striking image from from last night ’ s riots in Belfast and how utterly depressing it is that we are here again . Going around and around in vicious circles is our favourite past time here in Northern Ireland
Petrol bombs thrown at police in south Belfast riot – NewsEverything NorthernIreland
Awoke to the news that there was rioting in Belfast last night . Back to the bad old days
Someone has left the idiot box open again and one has got out . Try flying the Union flag in some schools in Northern Ireland and stay for the riot flavoured ‘ education. ’ What a total balloon .
Police officers injured as riots break out in the Sandy Row area of Belfast .
Unbelievable seeing certain politicians in Northern Ireland , who have provoked loyalists & inflamed things for months on end , saying `` words have consequences '' & telling others to `` dial down the rhetoric '' now riots have broken out . These people have no self awareness whatsoever .
Ah yes , nothing screams Northern Ireland quite like a Good Friday riot
Deeply sad , because it was predictable . The Northern Ireland situation deteriorates . Appeals for calm after fourth night of loyalist riots in Derry - The Irish News Petrol bombs and other missiles were thrown at police in the loyalist Lincoln Courts area
Charlie is a pussy & wouldn ’ t last 5mins at a party in Northern Ireland never mind a riot
Right , when 's the riot Northern Ireland style

