There are intelligence indicators that the explosive attack on a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan , was carried out by Mawlawi Hammad , a prominent member of the Taliban insurgents ' intelligence .
100 Muslim died in suicide bomber attack in a Peshawar mosque . They have Quran in Mosque and hundreds of Qurans in the mosque which were burnt and destroyed . No protests by Muslims in World over blast and burning of these Qurans IT PROVED THAT MUSLIM LOVE TERRORIST ACTS .
On Saturday 4February 2023 , A protest has been arranged against in front of Press Club.Make sure to fellowship in it
TTP claims we didn ’ t attack some sources claims it ’ s drone attack because no evidence has been found who entered mosque and blast Peshawar attack Sources claims it ’ s Drone attack
101 people died in suicide attack in a Peshawar mosque . There must be hundreds of Qurans in that mosque which were burnt and destroyed . No protests in India over burning of these Qurans ?
defence minister Khawaja Asif said worshippers were not killed during prayers even in India , in remarks made following the deadly suicide bombing inside a mosque in . The suicide attack left 100 people dead and many injured
Death toll in mosque attack rises to nearly 90
defence minister Khawaja Asif said worshippers were not killed during prayers even in India , in remarks made following the deadly suicide bombing inside a mosque in . The suicide attack left 100 people dead and many injured
TTP and TTA has no difference.TTA is supporting TTP in conduct of such brutal attacks against innocent common people We strongly condemn the Peshawar Mosque Attack
TTP and TTA has no difference . TTA is supporting TTP in conduct of such brutal attacks against innocent common people . We strongly condemn the Peshawar Mosque Attack
Peshawar residents were left in a panic by Monday ’ s mosque attack , bringing an already terrorism-scarred city back to a time when it was the site of a militant campaign and subject to random terrorist attacks
TTP and TTA has no difference . TTA is supporting TTP in conduct of such brutal attacks against innocent common people . We strongly condemn the Peshawar Mosque Attack
Sensational claim by army veteran & supporter : Pak army behind attack to delay elections in Khyber Pakhtoonkhwa Province ( KPK ) & adversely impact Imran Khan . Listen to his commentary
Good job .
This is perhaps for the first time that suicide attack in Police Mosque Peshawar is being viewed as the handiwork of groups other than known terrorist groups . Reportedly TTP denied its hand in the gruesome Peshawar incident . Who the foreign/internal buggers are involved .
I 'm quoted ( as is and others ) in this piece by and on the aftermath of Monday 's mosque blast in Peshawar , the deadliest terrorist attack in Pakistan since 2018 .
TTP and TTA has no difference . TTA is supporting TTP in conduct of such brutal attacks against innocent common people . We strongly condemn the Peshawar Mosque Attack
TTP and TTA has no difference . TTA is supporting TTP in conduct of such brutal attacks against innocent common people . We strongly condemn the Peshawar Mosque Attack
Pakistani authorities have made several arrests in connection with the bomb attack at a mosque in the northwestern city of Peshawar that killed 100 people , police sources said .
Pakistan : Maryam Nawaz blames former ISI chief for mosque attack Read the full article here :
Pakistan : Maryam Nawaz blames former ISI chief for mosque attack Read the full article here :
The death toll from the Peshawar mosque suicide attack has reached 100 as rescue and search operations continue to find the bodies of those lost in the rubble . reports from the scene of the blast to find out more .
Breaking news in pakistan : suicide bomber kills 100 in mosque attack in Peshawar Pakistan : ban wikipedia asap
Peshawar , Pakistan - Family members mourn victims of a suicide bomb attack on Monday that targeted a mosque frequented by members of the police force in the north-western city which killed 101 people
Today protest of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa police in Peshawar against recent wave of terrorism in Pakhtunkhwa . The peace caretakers seeking peace from whom ? We want peace in our Homeland .
Maryam blames Imran 's facilitator in Peshawar for mosque attack The Express Tribune
Right now there is no strong indication that JuA loyalists are going to splinter once again from TTP . Today 's statement from Afghan Taliban FM Muttaqi shows that there 's no serious Taliban pressure on TTP or JuA loyalists to splinter due to Peshawar mosque attack .
Pakistani authorities have made several arrests in connection with the bomb attack at a mosque in the northwestern city of that killed 100 people , police sources independently told news agencies .
PTI is using the martyrs of Peshawar mosque attack for their vested interests . They must realize that their propaganda against Pakistan Army is benefiting no one except Pak ’ s enemies and our enemies are happy to see the country in this state
PTI is using the martyrs of Peshawar mosque attack for their vested interests . They must realize that their propaganda against Pakistan Army is benefiting no one except Pak ’ s enemies and our enemies are happy to see the country in this state
More than 100 people were killed - including dozens of police officers - when a suicide bomber w/ a PBIED detonated inside a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan on Monday , collapsing a section of the building . TTP has * officially * distanced itself from the attack
Death toll in Pakistan mosque blast skyrockets : Pakistan authorities accuse the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) of the January 30 suicide bomb attack on the Kucha Risaldar mosque in Peshawar that killed over 100 people and injured 225 others.…
Believe it or not , the police in KpK have staged a protest against the state policy of appeasement of Taliban and have vowed to collectively resign unless the terrorist attack at mosque is thoroughly investigated , its motives unearthed and abetters exposed .
Days after Pakistan witnessed a deadly attack on its security forces inside a Peshawar mosque , the country ` s Interior Minister Rana Sanaullah has admitted inside the National Assembly that it was a collective mistake to prepare the mujahideen to go to war with a global force .
101 people died in a suicide attack in a Peshawar mosque . There must be hundreds of Qurans in that mosque which were burnt and destroyed . No protests in Pakistan over the burning of these Qurans ?
Pakistan Bomb Blast : Maryam Nawaz Holds Ex-ISI Chief General Faiz Hamid Responsible for Peshawar Mosque Attack
Police Lines mosque attack on 30th January 2023 has marked a new wave of terrorism but who was the primary target ? For decades , the community has faced the devastating effects of terrorism despite no involvement . Here is an insight into it . ( 1/2 )
Imran 's 'facilitator ' posted in Peshawar responsible for mosque attack : Maryam Nawaz
The Counter Terrorism Counter ( CTD ) Police in Peshawar on Wednesday registered a First Information Report ( FIR ) for Monday ’ s deadly suicide attack on a mosque in the Police Lines area . Read more :
Deeply saddened by Monday ’ s suicide bomb attack at a mosque in Peshawar , that resulted in over 100 deaths and more than 150 injured . expresses heartfelt condolences to the families of the victims . We wish those who were injured a speedy recovery .
TTP and TTA has no difference . TTA is supporting TTP in conduct of such brutal attacks against innocent common people . We strongly condemn the Peshawar Mosque Attack .
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to More than 96 , Najeeba Sabawoon report
Attack in the Peshawar police lines mosque has revealed the ugly face and policy of the terrorists TTP .
`` Pakistan raised Mujahideen and now they are Terrorists '' – says Pakistan Interior Minister in National Assembly , after the Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the 30th Jan deadly attack inside a Peshawar mosque which left 100 people dead & over 220 injured
: Na Al-Qaeda Na Taliban Jinnah Ka Chahiye Pakistan ( Nor Al-Qaeda & Not Taliban , We Want Jinnah 's Pakistan ) slogans were chanted by the family members and relatives of the killed policemen in an suicide attack inside a mosque in .
Imran 's 'facilitator ' posted in Peshawar responsible for mosque attack : Maryam Nawaz
: The police and family members staged massive protests in front of Press Club against the Suicide attack at a mosque in most secured Police Lines area of Capital city on January 30 .
Rescuers in northwest ended their operation Tuesday at wrecked in HQ , with death toll from suicide bombing climbing to 100 . The police chief said he believed attack was to `` demoralise '' his force . News
Days after Pakistan witnessed a deadly attack on its security forces inside a Peshawar mosque , the country 's security officials admitted inside the National Assembly that their past policies nurtured terrorism .
After inside mosque , the name of Mukaram Khorasani is circulating , who is responsible for the deadliest attack in Peshawar . He confirmed the suicide attack on releasing a statement on an unofficial media channel of Mohmand 's chapter of Tahreek Taliban Pakistan .
Chinese President , Premier condemn Peshawar mosque attack via
Imran 's 'facilitator ' posted in Peshawar responsible for mosque attack : Maryam
“ Authorities are investigating how a suicide bomber killed at least 100 people at a mosque in a high security zone in Peshawar , Pakistan . The attack , one of the country 's deadliest in recent years ”
on Tuesday condemned the recent attack on a mosque in the city of , in northwestern , ratified its condemnation of any form of terrorism and called to join forces to eradicate it .
Although Afghan Taliban ’ s embassy , MoFA and important members condemned the Peshawar suicide bomb attack on the mosque on 30th Jan but actions against these Afghanistan-based terror groups is yet to be seen .
The attack on the mosque in Peshawar follows the trend of targeting security personnel . If terrorists can carry out such a task in such a sensitive area , they must have had insider support . In , radical ideology has permeated every space .
Taliban foreign minister Amir Khan Muttaqi said that Pakistan should not blame the Taliban for the attack that took place at a mosque in Peshawar . Muttaqi at a meeting in Kabul urged Pakistan to have a thorough investigation regarding the recent attack and that
Police in different cities of KPK are protesting against the attack on a mosque inside police lines Peshawar !
Although Afghan Taliban ’ s embassy , MoFA and important members condemned the Peshawar suicide bomb attack on the mosque on 30th Jan but actions against these Afghanistan-based terror groups is yet to be seen .
Peshawar mosque attack was carried out by Pak Army and ISI . Ret . Pak Army Officer
Chairman Raja Saeed Ashraf appeal peple to donate blood for people who are injured in Peshawar Sucide attack in Mosque .
‘ We Created Mujahideen , Now They ’ re Terrorists ’ : Interior Min Concedes in Parliament Rana Sanaullah ’ s apparent admission comes after the outlawed Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the recent Peshawar mosque attack - a statement retracted by the group soon after .
Major arrests made in connection with Peshawar mosque attack : police
The Taliban Foreign Minister , Amir Khan Muttaqi , stated that Pakistan must not blame Afghanistan for the attack which took place inside a mosque in Peshawar .
Worshippers Not Killed Even in India , Says Pakistan Minister After Peshawar Mosque Attack
Breaking news it ’ s was drone attack in Peshawar mosque from American airspace in Pakistan to do more drone attack and killing people to start civil wars these fucking American culprits
A at a inside a in northwest that killed more than 90 people was a attack , a police chief said on Tuesday News
police is protesting for peace after terrorist attack at mosque in police line .
Malaysia strongly condemns suicide bomb attack on Peshawar mosque
Malaysia strongly condemns suicide bomb attack on Peshawar mosque
: Family members of blast victims and police officers protest against militancy and the mosque attack that killed at least 100 people on Monday .
How Sweet Our Nation
️Pakistan : Several Suspects Arrested in Connection to Peshawar Mosque Blast - authorities still investigating how attacker entered holy site in attack which killed 100+
Suspects arrested in fatal Pakistan mosque suicide attack that left over 100 dead
Suspects arrested in fatal Pakistan mosque suicide attack that left over 100 dead Now on —
The Government of strongly condemns the terrorist attack that targeted a mosque in in northwestern on Monday .
Although Afghan Taliban ’ s embassy , MoFA and important members condemned the Peshawar suicide bomb attack on the mosque on 30th Jan but actions against these Afghanistan-based terror groups is yet to be seen .
: Family members of blast victims and police officers protest against militancy and the mosque attack that killed at least 100 people on Monday . - Photos by AFP/AP -
KP police have been demoralized because no one in Islamaabd cares about them . n 2022 , 118 policemen were killed in KP province in a terrorism-related incident . In Monday 's attack on a mosque that killed over 100 people , almost all were policemen/other law enforcers .
has strongly condemned the suicide bomb attack on a mosque in 's Police Lines in 's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province on Monday .
Pakistan raised Mujahideen and now they are terrorists , admits Pakistan Interior Minister
Senate has called for the implementation of National Action Plan ( NAP ) to curb terrorism following a suicide attack at a mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Line , which claimed the lives of almost 100 people
Dozens of people were martyred in a suicide bomb attack on a mosque in a guarded enclosure of police lines in the city of Peshawar . May Allah give patience to the families and ease for them in these hard times .
Devastating news from Peshawar , Pakistan . A terrorist attack in a mosque took lives of over 100 people . In a mosque , the most holy place for Muslims .
Acting High Commissioner Zoe Ware conveyed her regret over the terrorist attack in Peshawar Police Lines Mosque and the loss of precious human lives . She also expressed solidarity with the people of Pakistan .
Glimpses : ICCI strongly condemns terrorist attack on Peshawar Mosque
: The death toll from Monday ’ s suicide attack on a mosque in ’ s Police Lines area rose to 101 on Wednesday as the police claimed major arrests have been made in connection with the bombing .
Major arrests made in connection with Peshawar mosque attack : police Can not rule out internal assistance for suicide bombing inside Police Lines mosque , says CCPO Ijaz Khan from GEO TV - Pakistan 2023 a…
Lashkar e Zhangvi congratulated to the Omar khurasani after the attack on the security personnel 's mosque in Peshawar and said that we will also follow this path one day .
Pakistan Watch : Relatives bury the dead in Pakistan mosque attack . At least 100 killed and 221 injured when suicide bomber hit a mosque inside police headquarters in . The KP province 's government declared a day of mourning across the province .
Malaysia strongly condemns suicide bomb attack on Peshawar Mosque
Pakistan , Peshawar mosque explosion : dead and wounded in kamikaze attack , the tally
Days after witnessed a deadly attack on its security forces inside a mosque , the country 's Interior Minister admitted inside the that it was a collective mistake to prepare the mujahideen to go to war with a global force .
Pakistan defence minister Khawaja Asif said worshippers were not killed during prayers even in India , in remarks made following the deadly suicide bombing inside a mosque in Peshawar . The suicide attack left 100 people dead and many injured .
Major arrests made in connection with Peshawar mosque attack : police
Following the ghastly attack on the Police Lines mosque in Peshawar , Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif Wednesday launched a scathing attack on PTI , asking who brought terrorists back into the country .
Malaysia strongly condemns suicide bomb attack on Peshawar mosque
Listen to Pakistan : Deadly mosque attack in Peshawar kills 59 on TuneIn
Following the ghastly attack on the Police Lines mosque in Peshawar , Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif Wednesday launched a scathing attack on ( PTI ) , asking who brought terrorists back into the country .
Major arrests made in connection with Peshawar mosque attack : police
A few days before the terrorist attack in Mianwali , a huge blast at a mosque inside the Peshawar Police Lines claimed the lives of at least 100 people .
Special Branch has revealed that the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa police are considering resigning en masse if the mosque attack is not properly investigated .
Death toll from mosque blast in rises to at least 100 as country faces a national security crisis .
“ The scale of this attack , that it targeted policemen at a mosque in a secure part of Peshawar — this really brings about a sense of déjà vu , a vivid reminder of the insecurity and violence that engulfed Pakistan a decade ago . ”
The death toll from Monday ’ s suicide attack on a mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines area rose to 101 on Wednesday as the police claimed major arrests have been made in connection with the bombing .
Major arrests made in connection with Peshawar mosque attack : police
The United States strongly condemns the terrorist attack on a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan .
Major arrests made in connection with Peshawar mosque attack : police
CCPO Peshawar has led prayers at the Police Lines mosque . Men returned to pray there a day after a terrorist attack left 100 men dead , most of who were police officers
Dozens of people killed in an attack on a mosque in Peshawar . Pakistan in pain ! Its high time that people learn to lead a peaceful life .
The White House on Tuesday condemned the `` unconscionable '' suicide bomb attack on a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan , that killed 100 people at the latest toll .
A Pakistan police chief said that the blast in a Peshawar mosque was a targeted revenge attack .
Press Release : Malaysia strongly condemns the suicide bomb attack in a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan
Iranian Former Ambassador to Afghanistan , reacting to recent attack on a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan , said that not only Pakistan , but also all countries must be concerned as far as the terrorist groups resume their activities in Taliban-run Afghanistan .
Attack on a mosque in Peshawar by TTP proves that they are a perfect example of 'Khawarij ' TTP has no relation with Islam whatsoever .
Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif addressing the federal cabinet . — YouTube screengrab/GeoNews Following the ghastly attack on the Police Lines mosque in Peshawar , Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif Wednesday launched a scathing attack on Pakistan # # # # # # #
The National Assembly ( NA ) strongly condemns suicide attack in a mosque of Peshawar Police Lines and expressed resolve to win the war on terrorism at all costs . Read more :
The death toll from the suicide attack on a mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines area a day earlier rose to 100 on Tuesday after more bodies were recovered from the attack site .
MIANWALI : The security forces foiled a terrorist attack on Makerwal police station in the Isakkhel district of Mianwali . The terrorists launched an attack in Mianwali a day after a deadly suicide blast in a Peshawar mosque .
Credible sources said that the Peshawar police had made some major arrests in the police lines suicide attack & got “ useful ” clues that will help them reach to the culprits . 101 people , almost all policemen , died in the blast in mosque on Monday .
The security forces successfully managed to thwart an attack by the banned TTP at a police station in Mianwali on Tuesday night . This attack came a day after the deadly attack at a mosque in Peshawar that claimed over 100 lives .
Although Afghan Taliban ’ s embassy , MoFA and important members condemned the Peshawar suicide bomb attack on the mosque on 30th Jan but actions against these Afghanistan-based terror groups is yet to be seen .
A suicide attack at a mosque in Peshawar has killed | CBC
The explosion on the worshipers in the mosque of Peshawar is nothing , but a part of the ISI conspiracy like 9/11 attacks in the United States , through which the ISI wants to show world Afghanistan as safe haven for terrorists groups and justify their attack on Afghanistan .
Incident : '2023 Peshawar mosque attack ' The death toll from the suicide attack on a mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines area a day earlier rose to 100 on Tuesday after more bodies were recovered from the attack site .
DG ISI you were busy taking nude tures and videos of PTI ministers and media people . You facilitated the terrorist attack in Peshawar . How can a man brings 15 kg explosive in mosque without your help through 4 checkpoints you should be arrested
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa ( ) warned of : A memo purportedly prepared by the Special Branch has revealed that the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa police are considering resigning en masse if the Peshawar mosque attack is not properly investigated .
Inner View Of Mosque Blast in |
BBC : Pakistan mosque blast : What is behind the deadly attack ? .
White House Condemns Attack in Peshawar Mosque
Outrage after Mosque Attack : Empower Civilian Law Enforcement via
peshawar blast : Pakistan : Over 47 killed , 150 injured in Taliban suicide attack at Peshawar mosque – The Economic Times Video
TTP and TTA has no difference . TTA is supporting TTP in conduct of such brutal attacks against innocent common people . We strongly condemn the Peshawar Mosque Attack
The caretaker government in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa announced one-day mourning across the province on Tuesday as a suicide attack on a mosque in Police Lines area of Peshawar claimed at least 93 lives and injured 157 others .
I ca n't explain my tired . If you are human you ca n't deserve this . It 's attack not just Peshawar mosque it 's attack on all Muslims and Pakistan . I 'm really sad to see this .
“ All of Pakistan has been victimised and every Pakistani is in mourning over the [ Peshawar mosque ] attack . ”
Peshawar mosque suicide bomb attack left at least 100 lives and injured over 220 people .
Many among 96 martyrs of Peshawar police line mosque attack were young policemen who were sole breadwinners and guardians of their families . Can ’ t even imagine the pain all these families must be going through while receiving their bodies today .
100 dead bodies and counting in Peshawar mosque suicide bombing attack . 51 bodies and counting of river drowning . So much pain , darkness , depression . Let us all pray for better days . Ameen .
PESHAWAR : Death toll rises to 98 from the suicide attack inside a mosque in , . 150 others were wounded in the past . Majority of the victims were young policemen . May Allah bless the departed soul !
83 Killed In Suicide Bomb Attack At Mosque In Pakistan ’ s Peshawar Still , the bodies were pulled from the wreckage of a blast aimed at cops in northwestern Pakistan , which demised over 80 people and wounded 150 more .
thinking of all those families who lost their loved ones in peshawar mosque attack . their pain is tremendous . may allah give them sabar & lots of strength to get through this
Less than 48 hours after a devastating suicide bombing attack at a mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar city claimed at least 87 lives , a rare move of resistance against country 's powerful intelligence agency has shaped into a Pakistan-wide social media trend
TTP and TTA has no difference . TTA is supporting TTP in conduct of such brutal attacks against innocent common people . We strongly condemn the Peshawar Mosque Attack
All of Pakistan has been victimised and every Pakistani is in mourning over the Peshawar mosque attack .
Punjab Police claimed to have repulsed an overnight attack by militants affiliated with banned TTP on Tuesday night , just a day after suicide explosion in Peshawar mosque that claimed 100lives . Read More :
China is deeply shocked by and strongly condemns a deadly attack at a mosque in Pakistan 's northwest Peshawar city , Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Mao Ning said Tuesday .
Pakistan : Attack on mosque in Peshawar , at least 28 victims ANSA news agency
The United States has strongly condemned the terrorist attack on a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan with reports today that the death toll has now risen to 100 people . Read More :
Muslim World League and GCC denounce terrorist attack on mosque in .
Message of condolence by IEA-MoFA regarding the deadly attack on a mosque in Peshawar
The civilian law-enforcement agencies seem to have collapsed in the face of the militant assault . The Peshawar mosque attack has been the deadliest in recent years . It raises serious questions about the state of our preparedness to deal with the renewed terrorist threat .
Explainer : What 's fuelling Pakistan 's Taliban fire The death toll in Monday 's suicide bombing in Pakistan 's Peshawar has crossed 100 . TTP or Pakistan Taliban are suspected to be behind this terror attack on a mosque inside a police headquarters .
At least 92 people were killed and more than 170 others wounded in a bomb attack targeting a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan .
Peshawar Police Line Mosque Attack , More than 100 people lost their lives and more than 200 wounded in the suicide bomber attack .
Worshippers not killed during prayers even in : Pak Minister after
Saudi Arabia stands united with Pakistan against terrorism : King sends message of condolence after mosque attack in .
`` Heartbroken to hear about the terrorist attack on a mosque in Peshawar during prayers . Such acts of violence have no place in society and go against the very principles of humanity . Condolences to the families affected and may the victims rest in peace .
defence minister Khawaja Asif said worshippers were not killed during prayers even in India , in remarks made following the deadly suicide bombing inside a mosque in . The suicide attack left 100 people dead and many injured
The death toll from an attack on a mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar rose to 100 , after more bodies were recovered from the site . A local police chief said it was a targeted revenge attack against the police .
Peshawar Mosque Attack | The War Against Terror Returns via people are the biggest institution , stop putting at stake , we come with a large adversary-India and now we have TTP as a threat , stop playing 1/n
Worshippers not killed during prayers even in India : Pak Minister after Peshawar mosque attack Source : `` India TV '' via Dailyhunt
New York 's Pakistani American community would hold a candlelight vigil for the victims of Peshawar Police-lines mosque attack and would express solidarity with all those who lost their loved ones . Event is organized by community organization
Worshippers not killed during prayers even in India : Pak Minister after Peshawar mosque attack . Source : `` India TV '' via Dailyhunt
Policy folly : On the terror attack on a mosque in Pakistan ’ s Peshawar Pakistan needs a paradigm shift in its approach to terrorism
Assalam o alaikum to all the cuties & beasties of Pakistan except our supreme spineless judiciary who have always failed to give justice to our martyrs . Be it APS , Imam bargah attacks , last peshawar mosque attack or Arshad shareef ! 100 days since arshad shareef 's assassination
A deadly attack against a mosque in Peshawar raised fears of a new wave of militancy from the Pakistani Taliban and sparked a heated debate over the government ’ s ability to meet that threat amid an economic and political crisis .
Peshawar Mosque Attack | The War Against Terror Returns via `` DG ISI ''
Peshawar Mosque Attack | The War Against Terror Returns via
Peshawar Mosque Attack | The War Against Terror Returns via
Peshawar Mosque Attack | The War Against Terror Returns via
The death toll from an attack on a mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar rose to 100 , after more bodies were recovered from the site . A local police chief said it was a targeted revenge attack against the police .
The death toll from the suicide attack on a mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines area on Monday rose to 100 by late Tuesday after more bodies were recovered from the attack site .
ISI agents failed to stop Peshawar mosque suicide attack because they were busy saving India in Bollywood movies more than 100 , mostly policemen , dead so far .
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack against a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan and my heart goes out to the families of all affected . May the victims rest in peace , may the injured safely and fully recover and may the attackers be brought to justice .
India strongly condemns terror attack at mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar
Hours after owning up mosque blast , Pakistani Taliban , also known as Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) , distanced itself from the attack
Worshippers not killed during prayers even in India : Pak Minister after Peshawar mosque attack
TTP attack on Peshawar Mosque -Is Pakistan going through big challenges ... via
The terrible blast in Peshawar on Monday , leaving over 100 dead and 200 wounded , invokes the city 's trauma of the attack on the Army Public School a decade ago . My prayers remain with the departed and wounded . There is a tragic irony in the collapsed ceiling of the Mosque .
Message of condolence by IEA-MoFA regarding the deadly attack on a mosque in Peshawar .
Terrorists are continuously attacking and killing the soldiers along with the common people . Pakistan became the stronghold of terrorists : The death toll in a suicide attack during prayers at a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan , has risen to 100 on Monday .
ISI agents failed to stop Peshawar mosque attack because they were busy saving India in Bollywood movies .
100 dead bodies and counting in Peshawar mosque suicide bombing attack . 51 bodies and counting of river drowning . So much pain , darkness , depression . Let us all pray for better days . Ameen .
100 dead bodies and counting in Peshawar mosque suicide bombing attack . 51 bodies and counting of river drowning . So much pain , darkness , depression . Let us all pray for better days . Ameen .
Pakistan mosque blast : What is behind the deadly attack ? - BBC - Pakistan mosque blast : What is behind the deadly attack ? BBCPakistan reels after terrorist Peshawar mosque bombing kills ... LIVING STRONG TELEVISION NETWORK
Death toll from suicide terrorist attack on mosque in Peshawar 's Police lines rises to 100 . Complete failure of leadership and security apparatus from top to bottom . Who will answer to the grieving Pakistani mothers whose hearts are ripped into pieces .
A suicide blast at a mosque inside a police headquarters was a targeted revenge attack , a police chief said , as rescue efforts ended with the death toll standing at 100 .
ISI agents failed to prevent the mosque attack , because they were busy saving India in the Druggiewood movies .
PESHAWAR : Death toll risea to 98 from the suicide attack inside a mosque in , Pakistan . 150 others were wounded in the past . Majority of the victims were young policemen .
FM : `` We express our deepest condolences to the people and government of for the unfortunate loss of life and injuries caused by an attack on a mosque in . We extend our condolences to the families and loved ones of the victims '' .
At least 92 people were killed and more than 170 others wounded in a bomb attack targeting a mosque in a security compound in Peshawar , northwestern Pakistan . The attacker reportedly blew himself up while among the worshippers .
Suicidal attack in Peshawar mosque is ferocious brutality and this bloodshed must be stopped and all so called physcos who brain wash such mad to commit suicide attack must also be arrested and punished and its huge slap on face of all security agencies who did ignore it ..
ISI agents failed to prevent the Peshawar mosque attack because they were busy saving India in movies ! ! ! And making a hit .
The death toll from Pakistan ’ s worst terrorist attack in years climbed to more than 100 on Tuesday as rescue workers combed through the rubble of a mosque in a police compound in the northern city of Peshawar . Source :
Pakistan mosque attack death toll rises to over 80 | The Manila Times . Peshawar . Dead mainly policemen .
We thank the US government for its strong condemnation of the terrorist attack in a mosque in Peshawar , killing hundred people and injuring hundreds . We really appreciate the solidarity of the United States and its assurance to provide support to Pakistan .
Pakistan Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif and Chief of Army Staff ( COAS ) General Syed Asim Munir reached Peshawar on Monday following a deadly suicide attack at a mosque in the Police Lines area , media reports said .
’ s King Salman and Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman offer condolences to President Arif Alvi on victims of mosque attack in Peshawar
Andy Vermaut shares : Taliban suicide attack at Pak mosque kills 46 : … zone in Peshawar A Taliban suicide bomber blew himself up …… Thank you .
Rescuers in northwest Pakistan ended their operation Tuesday at a wrecked mosque in the Peshawar police headquarters , with a death toll from the suicide bombing climbing to 100 . The police chief said he believes the attack was to `` demoralise '' his force .
Disturbing news out of Pakistan of a suicide attack in a Peshawar mosque claiming 100+ lives raises questions of the involvement of insiders in the attack . A mosque situated in the red zone of police lines in a fortified area of the city can only be attacked with the support…
blast death toll at least 100 , involves 10-12kg explosives The attack that targeted a mosque located inside the police headquarters in Peshawar , Pakistan , which has claimed the lives of at least 100 people until now ,
India Condemns Peshawar Mosque Blast , Extends Condolences to Kin of Terror Attack Victims -
Peshawar Islamic mosque attack : The perpetrators follow a sacred religion and they killed for their religion . The victims also follow the same religion . The reporters who want sympathy also follow the same religion . stupid religion .
Pakistan mosque blast : Police targeted in suicide attack that kills 59 . Suicide bombing that apparently targeted policemen praying in a mosque in Peshawar . A hospital spokesman told the BBC the death toll stood at 59 , while 157 people had been injured .
Terrorist attack at mosque in Peshawar is terrible and strongly condemnable , First of all , may Allah Almighty give encouragement and patience to the families of the martyrs , and may Allah Almighty destroy those who did this heinous act , Ameen .
So sad the loss of life in the bombing attack in Peshawar Pakistan , peace officers practicing their religious beliefs should not be targeted . Our hearts go out to family , friends and co-workers of the officers killed in the mosque bombing .
Pakistan : Attack on mosque in Peshawar , at least 33 victims ANSA news agency
89 Killed in suicide bomb attack at mosque in Pakistan ’ s Peshawar via
Muslim countries and organizations strongly denounced the bomb attack on a mosque in , northwest , killing and injuring scores of worshippers on Monday .
I was on talking about the mosque attack . Does the military have the capacity to deal with the latest surge of violence and what does it mean for the people of ?
A deadly attack against a mosque in Peshawar raised fears of a new wave of militancy from the Pakistani Taliban and sparked a heated debate over the government ’ s ability to meet that threat amid an economic and political crisis .
| On Monday , 30 January , a deadly suicide bombing attack at a mosque along 's police lines in left over 90 people dead and injured more than 150 .
mosque attack happened during afternoon worship in the provincial capital of , close to former tribal areas along the Afghan border where militancy has been steadily rising .
Suicide bomber kills dozens in Pakistan mosque attack targeting police -- The mosque was full when the Pakistani Taliban suicide bomber struck , and many of those inside were officers based in Peshawar 's fortified `` Police Lines '' zone . -- Jan 30
. the ISI agents failed to stop Peshawar mosque attack because they were busy saving India in Bollywood ( copied , but I wanted u to read it )
“ Hate has fueled yet another senseless attack on people of faith . The suicide bomber ’ s attack on the mosque in Peshawar , in northwestern Pakistan , is an attack on all religions and all people of faith . These vicious attacks against innocent worshipers are attacks at the jugular
Peshawar mosque attack is a grave intelligence failure . How about dg isi leaves political engineering and pays heed to its real job ..
We have lost 100 people to a terrorist attack in a mosque in Peshawar . This doesn ’ t just break my heart but sickens me to the core . Let ’ s stand up as a nation against terrorism !
At least 92 people were killed and more than 170 others wounded in a bomb attack targeting a mosque in a security compound in Peshawar , northwestern Pakistan . The attacker reportedly blew himself up while among the worshippers .
Policy folly : The Hindu Editorial on the January 30 , 2023 terror attack on a mosque in Pakistan ’ s Peshawar - The Hindu - `` hindu extremism '' - Google News
says it carried out the attack on a mosque in a police compound in , in revenge for the killing of an ex-Pakistani Taliban commander . I
TTP and TTA has no difference . TTA is supporting TTP in conduct of such brutal attacks against innocent common people . We strongly condemn the Peshawar Mosque Attack
India Today TV : Peshawar Mosque Attack : The Rise And Evolution Of The Pakistani Taliban
The death toll in a suicide bomb attack on a mosque inside a police compound in , during afternoon prayers rose to at least 100 on Tuesday , a day after the late morning attack . I
The US strongly condemns the terrorist attack on a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan with reports today that the death toll has now risen to 100 people . The United States stands ready to provide support to Pakistan in its efforts to recover and rebuild .
My thoughts are with the worshippers , their families , and the community in Peshawar , Pakistan—and their friends and families in —following the devastating terrorist attack at a mosque there .
100 people died & many are still injured due to attack on a mosque in Peshawar . Condolences with families who lost their loved ones & praying for recovery of the injured . We spent millions & were told Pakistan is free of terrorists . We need heads of terrorists nothing less .
The terrorist attack at Peshawar mosque was horrible , disgusting , cowardly and a war against humanity . I hope whoever carried this attack are arrested and punished .
Islamic Emirate condemns attack on mosque in Peshawar
Peshawar mosque blast : 97 police personnel dead in ‘ targeted attack ’ | Top points
Police line : Terrorist attack on mosque in Peshawar Terrorism , brutality and The ferocity It is a sinister incident . Enemies of peace and humanity are shedding the blood of people through acts of terrorism .
As Peshawar reels from the terror attack on Police Lines Mosque , TTP , as per reports on social media , has carried out a terror attack on Makerwal 's police station , located to the west of Mianwali city .
Highly condemnable suicidal attack in police mosque peshawar n heartfelt condolence with the bereaved families of shohadas pray Allah grants highiest place to the departed souls ameen , need to stand with armed forces to shoot them inside or outside pak
Just wondering . IK ’ s tharna had to come to an end when Peshawar Army School was attacked . Now , to delay elections in KPK police mosque has had a terrorist attack . Coincidence ? I think not .
Sharif govt laments past 'mistakes ' with Pak Taliban after Peshawar Mosque attack . via
Islamic Emirate Condemns Attack on Mosque in Peshawar | TOLOnews funny how and are now against suicide bombing in their homeland of Pakistan but they think it 's okay to do in you rep what you sow
The death toll from the suicide attack on a mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines area a day earlier rose to 100 on Tuesday after more bodies were recovered from the attack site .
Death toll from suicide attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 100
The Kingdom of strongly condemns and denounces the attack that occurred at a mosque in ,
On Monday , an alleged suicide bombing attack killed 100 people and injured 225 in a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan . The mosque was located in a police compound , with most of the worshippers present a part of law enforcement .
White House condemns attack on Peshawar mosque in as 'tragic and heartbreaking ' Peshawar is one of the great cities of the world . So sad
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families .
Funerals were held across the northwestern province of Pakistan for those killed in a suicide attack at a mosque in Peshawar city , as the death toll rose to 100 and search operations ended
The attack was the worst terrorist act in Peshawar since March last year , when a suicide bombing at a mosque during Friday prayers killed at least 58 people and injured nearly 200 .
Our top story today : Funerals were held across the northwestern province of Pakistan for those killed in a suicide attack at a mosque in Peshawar city , as the death toll rose to 100 and search operations ended . Read more here :
01/31/2023 suicide attack on at `` Police Line '' government - compound in , NW Pakistan , due to `` security failure '' RIP Murdered 100 people `` Most of them ``
Over 100 people have lost their lives following yesterday 's tragic attack on Peshawar mosque in Pakistan . Our thoughts & prayers are with all those affected by this devastating incident Please donate now : Image courtesy of PA Media .
As head of the premier Intel agency of Pakistan , Gen Nadeem Anjum must courageously take the responsibility in failing to prevent Peshawar mosque attack on 30/1/23 ( wherein over 92 innocent people perished their lives ) and resign from the post as DG ISI , immediately .
Pakistan - Death toll from suicide attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 100 ...
Huge explosion took place inside a Shia mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan today . At least 93 innocent lives were killed with more than 230 injured in the terrorist attack . We send our condolences to the families and friends of the innocent lives lost .
TALIBAN DESTRUCTION - As they attack Mosque in Peshawar . Over 100 killed as they prayed . An equal number wounded .
If Islam was the most peaceful religion in the world , why did they do terrorist attack inside a mosque in Peshawar Pakistan on January 30 , 2022 that killed more than 46 people & injured 147 ?
The suicide attack at the mosque in Police Lines in Peshawar is continuation of the ongoing war in Pakhtunkhwa . Those who cheered the Taliban 's takeover of Afghanistan and those who continue to defend and support Taliban in Pakhtunkhwa have the blood of our people on their hands .
Pakistan mosque blast that killed 100 was 'revenge against police ' : Peshawar ( Pakistan ) ( AFP ) - A suicide blast at a mosque inside a Pakistan police headquarters was a targeted revenge attack , a police chief said Tuesday , as rescue efforts ended with…
RM My deepest condolences to the loved ones of the victims & all those affected by yesterday ’ s terrorist attack on a mosque in Peshawar . My heart is with the people of Pakistan as they grieve . This violence must end & those responsible must be held accountable .
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar . My heartfelt condolences to the families of all the victims . May Allah protect our country and citizens from all internal & external threats
Deadly week in Pakistan : Peshawar mosque attack : 100 killed Thanda dam incident : 50 kids drowned Lasbela bus accident : 41 dead
At least 92 people were killed and more than 170 others wounded in a bomb attack targeting a mosque in a security compound in Peshawar , northwestern Pakistan . The attacker reportedly blew himself up while among the worshippers .
Worshippers killed in Pakistan mosque blast : hospital and police The attack happened during afternoon worship in the provincial capital of Peshawar , close to former tribal areas that border Afghanistan where militancy has been steadily rising .
Speaking about Peshawar mosque attack with and
Death toll from suicide attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 100 Rescue op complete ; JIT formed to probe attack ; day of mourning observed across KP ; India offers condolences-Dawn Had elections held earlier , nation would n't have suffered this tragedy-says PTI
The mosque attack in Peshawar ... carried out by splinter of Pakistani Taliban group operating easily im tribal areas . These fundamentalists have very modern weapons [ probably funded by the drug trade ] .
A deadly blast in a mosque in Peshawar on Monday , the latest attack on the city in northwest Pakistan , reportedly killed at least 61 people and left about 157 injured .
Security questions in Pakistan after Peshawar mosque attack
Joke of the day : Taliban of Afghanistan condemned suicide attack in a Peshawar mosque , conducted by Pakistani Taliban .
Terrible terrorist attack on mosque in Peshawar was a message to PMIK . Next is him . Zardari hired assign
Afghanistan Condemns Attack on Mosque in Peshawar
N.0 , where N is a natural number . PS : Wish some Afgani come as a saviour 🥹 Peshawar mosque attack : Toll rises to 100 ; Pak blames 'security lapse ' for blast Top updates -
101 martyred in suicide attack on mosque in Peshawar 's Malik Saad Shaheed Police Lines . Apart from a female and a guest , all those martyred were policemen . Two of the martyrs were DSPs , few SIs/ ASIs while the rest were constables , head constables , drivers , office staff : official
India condemns attack on Peshawar police mosque , which killed scores of Pak police personnel .
Another blast , again in KPK ! The lives of Pashtuns matter the least . Almost 60 people embraced martyrdom in the most disturbing attack on a mosque in Peshawar yesterday .
RAWALPINDI : Pakistan 's Army Chief Gen Syed Asim Munir has promised to serve justice on perpetrators of the suicide attack in a mosque in Peshawar . Over 100 killed and 147 more wounded in the blast .
Peshawar Mosque Attack : heartbreaking accounts - viewer discretion advised . For BBC URDU
My thoughts and prayers go out to the families of the victims of the horrific attack at a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan , on January 30 . A terrible and senseless act of violence . All forms of terrorism must be universally condemned .
The terrorist attack that targeted Mosque in Peshawar has killed 100 people .
The death toll from a deadly suicide attack that ripped through a mosque in 's northwest Peshawar city of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province jumped to 95 as rescue and relief operation is still underway .
Many high rank police officers among 100 dead in Peshawar suicide attack in police lines mosque . News , by Dr. Amjad Ayub Mirza
Saddened to hear the brutal attack inside a mosque on annocent people in Pakistan .... Such a cowardly act ... More than 100 human losses till now . So Sad !
Islamic Emirate Condemns Attack on Mosque in Peshawar
01/31/2023 Pakistan suicide attack on at - government walled compound in , NW Pakistan on `` security lapse '' RIP Killed 100 people `` Most of them ``
A member of the TTP detonated his vest in a mosque in Pakistan , killing , now , almost 100 people . The Taliban have been on the rise since November 2022 , and this was n't their first attack in Peshawar . Read all about it via
Speaking with on the Peshawar mosque attack . Please join !
Spain strongly condemns yesterday 's brutal attack on a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan . The Government of expresses its condolences to the families of the deceased and to all the victims , and wishes those injured a speedy and full recovery .
Today 's suicide attack at mosque in peshawar pakistan indicates pakistan 's corrupt and fascist establishment wants to give reason to establish their Marshall law again as they always have been controlling people 's democratic rights via their illegal unconstitutional Marshall law
Horrified and profoundly saddened by ydy ’ s attack on a mosque in , Pakistan . firmly condemns this heinous act of terrorism targeting worshippers . Sincere condolences to the grieving families and the people & gov't of & wishes for swift recovery to the injured
More than 100 innocent Policemen have been martyred in ! Pakistan is worst hit by Afghans ! US & all other nations can only imagine the destructions , martyrdoms & devastations ! Transfer technology to combat terrorism in Pakistan !
Peshawar Mosque attack : COAS Gen Asim directs all commanders to continue focus on anti-terror operations
India condemns attack on Peshawar police mosque , which killed scores of Pak police personnel .
Fatalities from Peshawar militant mosque attack rises to 100
Peshawar Mosque Attack : Head Of Suspected Suicide Bomber Recovered From Blast Site As Death Toll Mounts To 96 - Report
On Monday , a attack at a mosque inside the police headquarters in has led to over 100 fatalities . During this year , there is a projected uptick in attacks that are likely to coincide with a heightened to security personnel and civilians .
Pakistan 's Defense Minister Khawaja Mohammad Asif and Pakistan 's Interior Minister Rana Sanaullah Khan blamed Afghanistan for yesterday 's attack on the mosque in Peshawar Pakistan then started the blame drama
blast death toll reaches 100 ISI ca n't save Pakistan but will save India in ISI agents failed to stop Peshawar mosque attack because they were busy saving India in Bollywood movies . .
Today , we protested against the recent suicide attack in a Peshawar Mosque which consumed the lives of 88 citizens . We 've been burning in the fire of religious extremism for the last 4 decades and our policies still have not changed .
As of now 100+ Pakistanis have been martyred due to terrorist attack on a mosque in Peshawar by banned terror outfit TTP , an Afghanistan based terrorist organization .
To our many Pakistani American friends and neighbors in the Greater Lehigh Valley : Our entire community shares in your grief following the horrific terror attack on a mosque in Peshawar . No one should ever have to face this kind of inhumanity in a place of worship—or anywhere .
Peshawar mosque attack : The rise and evolution of the Pakistani Taliban
The members of the Security Council condemned in the strongest terms the heinous and cowardly suicide terrorist attack at a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan , on 30 January 2023 . Our deepest sympathy and condolences to the families of the victims and to the Government of Pakistan .
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack during prayers in the mosque of Police Line Peshawar . My prayers and sympathies are with the affected families . To deal with the growing threat of terrorism , it is imperative that we improve our intelligence and adequately equip our police
Sharif govt laments past 'mistakes ' with Pak Taliban after Peshawar Mosque attack | Details
ISI agents failed to stop Peshawar mosque attack because ... they were busy saving India in Bollywood movies .
ISI agents failed to stop the Peshawar mosque attack because they were busy saving India in Bollywood movies . With due respect to the dead
strongly condemns the horrific attack at the mosque in | Sincere condolences to the families of the victims & to the Government & people of Pakistan | Any acts of terrorism , including targeting religious sites and worshipers are condemnable
India extended its condolences to the families of those who lost their lives in the blast inside a mosque in Pakistan ’ s Peshawar . The Ministry of External Affairs on Tuesday issued a statement condemning the attack .
More confirmed dead in marathon search of rubble in Pakistan mosque blast via OODA Loop - The death toll of the attack in the Pakistan province of Peshawar has risen to at least 87 people . The attack occurred in a mosque with ...
Families mourn as terror attack on a mosque claims over 90 lives in Peshawar .
Pakistan mourns death of over 100 police personnel .. martyred in yesterday 's terrorist attack in a mosque in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa provincial capital Peshawar . The inhumane dastardly terrorist attack caused huge death toll in recent years .
We are appalled by the horrific attack against people praying peacefully in a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan . Our thoughts and condolences go out to the victims , their families , and the people of Pakistan .
46 killed , over 100 injured in attack at in high-security zone in Pakistan ’ s
Following the recovery of additional bodies from the attack scene on Tuesday , the death toll from the suicide attack on a mosque in Peshawar 's Police Lines neighbourhood a day earlier reached 100 .
is deeply shocked by and strongly condemns a deadly attack at a mosque in 's northwest Peshawar city , FM Spokesperson Mao Ning said . `` We express our deep condolences for the loss of life in the attack and extend sympathies to the injured and the bereaved families , ''
ISI agents failed to stop Peshawar mosque attack because they were busy saving India in Bollywood movies .
India condemns Peshawar mosque attack , condoles families of deceased source : HT
Death toll from suicide attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 100
India strongly condemns terror attack at mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar
ISI agents failed to stop Peshawar mosque attack because they were busy saving India in Bollywood movies . पठान का payment मिल गया ? -
Wajahat Ali , a 23-year-old police constable who survived , said that he had lost all hopes for survival . “ I remained trapped under the rubble with a dead body over me for seven hours. ” Death toll from suicide attack on mosque in Peshawar rises to 100
TTP and TTA has no difference . TTA is supporting TTP in conduct of such brutal attacks against innocent common people . We strongly condemn the Peshawar Mosque Attack .
Death toll from suicide attack on mosque in Peshawar 's Police Lines rises to 100. via
Peshawar Mosque Attack | The War Against Terror Returns via
Rescue teams are getting out alive person from concrete in terrorist attack on Police Line Mosque in Peshawar .
Take note : - TTP 's denial of Peshawar mosque bombing is strategic . - The attack was not carried out by ISKP despite a fake Amaq statement circulated yesterday , including by pro-TTP accounts . - Attack was carried out independently by TTP 's cell run by Mukarram Khurasani/JuA .
| Death toll from Yesterday 's suicide attack on a mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar rises to 100 , several others critical , media reports
TTP Ghazi Media quoted TTP commander Omar Mukaram Khorasani claiming responsibility for the suicide attack in Peshawar 's Police Lines mosque , calling it the 4th suicide attack to avenge the killing of Omar Khalid Khorasani ( former spokesman of TTP )
Death toll from suicide attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 100
Iran condemns terrorist attack on worshippers at a mosque in Peshawar
is deeply shocked by and strongly condemns the deadly attack at a mosque in 's northwest Peshawar city , firmly supports ’ s counter-terrorism efforts .
A member of the central council of the Taliban Tehreek-e Pakistan ( TTP ) claimed the group 's responsibility for the attack on a mosque in Peshawar . According to him , the purpose of the militants were the police , who came to the afternoon prayer .
The death toll from the suicide attack on a mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines a day earlier rose to 100 on Tuesday after more bodies were recovered from the attack site . Rescue 1122 has completed its rescue and search operation at the blast site , after almost 24 hours .
ISI agents failed to stop Peshawar mosque attack because they were busy saving India in Bollywood movies . .
Peshawar suicide attack : Who was Umar Khalid Khurasani , whose death was avenged by the TTP blast at a mosque in Peshawar ? News Track in English
May Allah have mercy on those who lost their lives in the terrorist attack on mosque in Peshawar . The friendly and brotherly country Pakistan , we wish quick recovery to those who were injured .
The death toll from the suicide attack on a mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines area a day earlier rose to 100 on Tuesday after more bodies were recovered from the attack site .
Death toll from suicide attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 100
ISI agents failed to stop Peshawar mosque attack because they were busy saving India in
[ Podcast ] World News : What ’ s behind Peshawar mosque attack in Pakistan ? Earlier on with spoke to Salman Khan .
The death toll from on a crowded mosque in on Monday has reached 100 , with more than 200 people wounded in the . A day earlier , Peshawar was attacked by . However , later claimed that it had nothing to do with the bombing .
The death toll from a deadly suicide attack that ripped through a mosque in 's northwest Peshawar city of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province jumped to 95 as rescue and relief operation is still underway .
Death toll from suicide attack on mosque in Peshawar 's Police Lines rises to 100 while at least dozens were injured , several of them critically , a hospital spokesperson said
A suicide bombing took place inside a mosque located in a police compound in the northwestern city of on Monday . The attack killed at least 60 people and injured 150 worshippers , mostly policemen .
Death toll from suicide attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 100 Frustrating to note that only tragic and negative news coming out of the country on a regular basis terrorism seems to be returning with full force .
59 Dead , 157 Injured in Mosque Bombing in Peshawar , Pakistan : UN Secretary General Condemns `` Abhorrent '' Attack Read the full story on our website :
Death toll from suicide attack on mosque in Peshawar 's Police Lines rises to 100 while at least dozens were injured , several of them critically , a hospital spokesperson said
Update : A suicide attack that rocked the crowded mosque at the Police Lines compound in Peshawar has claimed 100 lives and injured 221 others so far .
TTP or Tahrik Taliban Pakistan took the responsibility for the suicide bombing inside a mosque in Peshawar which killed over 90 people but today the group denied their involvement in this attack . What forced TTP to change its statement ?
+++UPDATE+++ The death toll from the suicide attack on a mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines area a day earlier rose to 100 on Tuesday after more bodies were recovered from the attack site .
I am deeply saddened by the news of the terrorist attack during Namaz in the mosque of Peshawar , may God grant the martyrs a high place in Jannat al-Firdous .
The death toll from the suicide attack on a mosque in ’ s Police Lines area a day earlier rose to 100 on Tuesday after more bodies were recovered from the attack site .
The death toll from the suicide attack on a mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines area a day earlier rose to 100 on Tuesday after more bodies were recovered from the attack site .
1 ) Visited Lady Reading Hospital after the horrible attack on police line mosque today . My impression from media coverage since yesterday was that hospitals in Peshawar were underequipped to deal with such a situation .
: Death Toll Passes 90 After Monday ’ s Pakistan Bomb Blast Bodies are still being found in the rubble at a mosque in Peshawar , following Monday ’ s deadly suicide attack . The death toll has risen to 90 , with over 170 people injured . More Details |
Death toll from suicide attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 100 what secure area are they jabbering about ? why did they go to pray at the same time and leave their posts ? PKISTAN scary and backward BLAME YOURSELVES
ISI agents failed to stop Peshawar mosque attack because they were busy saving India in Bollywood movies .
India condemns attack on Peshawar police mosque , which killed scores of Pak police personnel .
The mosque attack in Peshawar claimed at least 95 lives - Dagsavisen
India condemns Pak suicide attack ; Head of Suicide Bomber found at Peshawar Mosque | Updates
Action for Pakistan , International , its members , and overseas Pakistanis strongly condemns the suicide attack on a Mosque in Peshawar killing 90 people and injuring hundreds . Our condolences to bereaved families . We ask the Govt , to take action to improve the safety of people .. ]
condemns terrorist attack on a mosque in Pakistan 's
The death toll from the suicide attack on a mosque in ’ s Peshawar Police Lines area a day earlier rose to 100 on Tuesday after more bodies were recovered from the attack site .
A terror attack inside a crowded mosque yesterday left 95 people killed & over 150 wounded in . To Allah we belong and to Allah we return . May Allah be with the people of Pakistan , accept those who passed away as shuhada & deal with the culprits
is deeply shocked by and strongly condemns a deadly at a mosque in 's northwest Peshawar city , Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Mao Ning said Tuesday .
A suicide bomber attacked a mosque in leaving 59 dead and 150+ injured The mosque served as the city of Peshawar 's police headquarters , most casualties were police officers The Pakistani Taliban commander has claimed responsibility for the attack
The police officials reported that the mosque explosion was a `` targeted revenge attack '' .
At least 92 people were killed and more than 170 others wounded in a bomb attack targeting a mosque in a security compound in Peshawar , northwestern Pakistan . The attacker reportedly blew himself up while among the worshippers .
Death toll from suicide attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 100 – Pakistan
The death toll from the attack on a mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines area a day earlier rose to 96 on Tuesday after more bodies were recovered from the attack site , according to Commissioner Riaz Mehsud
: Peshawar 's Lady Leading Hospital announced that the death toll of suicide attack in a mosque in Police Line area has reached 100 . Due to security concerns in Peshawar , this Mosque was recently built for the police .
India Condemns Peshawar Mosque Blast , Extends Condolences to Kin of Terror Attack Victims
Heartbreaking news of the terrorist attack on a mosque in Peshawar . We stand united in condemning this senseless act of violence . Terrorism in all its forms and manifestations has no place in our society .
Death toll from Peshawar mosque attack rises to 96
is deeply shocked by and strongly condemns a deadly attack at a in 's northwest city , Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Mao Ning said Tuesday .
KP mourns as death toll from suicide attack on Peshawar ’ s Police Lines mosque rises to 100 - -
Death toll from suicide attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 100
Death toll from suicide attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 100 May Allah ease the pain of multiple families who suffered
Death toll from suicide attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 100 – Pakistan
Death toll from suicide attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 100 – Pakistan
India Condemns Peshawar Mosque Blast , Extends Condolences to Kin of Terror Attack Victims
India Condemns Peshawar Mosque Blast , Extends Condolences to Kin of Terror Attack Victims
: The death toll from the suicide attack on a mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines area a day earlier rose to 100 on Tuesday after more bodies were recovered from the attack site .
Breaking : Death toll in Peshawar mosque attack reaches 100 ..
India Condemns Peshawar Mosque Blast , Extends Condolences to Kin of Terror Attack Victims
prayers up for the 93 victims killed in a terror attack on a Mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan
North-west Pakistan in grip of deadly Taliban resurgence claim responsibility for deadly bomb attack on mosque . The government ’ s misguided efforts to rehabilitate militants have helped fuel recent activity
Saddened condolences to the families and loved ones of the victims after the heinous terrorist attack on a mosque in today . My sincere condolences to and the people of after today 's tragedy .
A suicide blast at a mosque inside a police HQ in , , that killed more than 90 people was a targeted revenge attack , a police chief said Tuesday ( January 31 ) . Between 300 and 400 policemen had gathered for afternoon prayers at the compound 's mosque . ( Reuters )
Failure of the establishment to protect us . Heads must roll of those accountable to keep us safe . You can ’ t hold on to your job if you ’ re incompetent . Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 96
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar 's Police Lines rises to 96
Many among 96 martyrs of Peshawar police line mosque attack were young policemen who were sole breadwinners and guardians of their families . Can ’ t even imagine the pain all these families must be going through while receiving their bodies today .
100 people lost their lives in deadly attack on mosque in Peshawar !
Video : Security questions in Pakistan after Peshawar mosque attack Al Jazeera Newsfeed
Scholars Association condemns mosque ’ s attack in ’ s Peshawar
Settling the Peshawar Mosque Attack debate by dismantling the drama that is the “ National Action Plan ” With & on Part 1
The death toll from yesterday ’ s suicide attack on a mosque in Peshawar keeps rising - 92 dead & 158 injured . The mosque was in the city ’ s Police Lines area & most victims are believed to be policemen . TTP , the Pakistani Taliban , claimed the attack , possibly by a local faction .
Peshawar mosque attack : Rescue officials recover severed head of suspected suicide bomber
Top story : Peshawar mosque attack : Toll rises to 83 ; TTP deny responsibility | Updates | World News - Hindustan Times see more
- attack on - death toll horrific rise at Peshawar Police Lines mosque -- Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) claims responsibility- R.E.A.L . : is an attack on of ALL .
Andy Vermaut shares : '' Strongly Condemn Attack '' : India Condoles Deaths In Pakistan Mosque Blast : India extended condolences to the families of the victims of the deadly terror attack that shook Peshawar in Pakistan yesterday . Thank you .
India Condemns Peshawar Mosque Blast , Extends Condolences to Kin of Terror Attack Victims
We strongly condemn the terrorist attack at a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan . Our thoughts are with the families of the victims , as well as with the injured to whom we wish a fast recovery .
I am horrified by the latest bomb attack in a mosque in Peshawar .
Lumber 1 ISI failed to stop Peshawar mosque attack because they were busy saving India in Bollywood movies .
Security questions in Pakistan after Peshawar mosque attack | Al Jazeera Newsfeed
Security questions in Pakistan after Peshawar mosque attack | Al Jazeera Newsfeed
According to Commissioner Riaz Mehsud , the dead toll from the attack on a mosque in Peshawar 's Police Lines neighbourhood a day earlier increased to 96 on Tuesday after fresh bodies were found there .
ICCI Condemns Terrorist Attack On Mosque In Peshawar
I highly condemn suicide Bomb attack at Mosque in Pakistan Peshawar .. Prayers to those who 've lost their lives & Strength to their families .
Stop all those sources & ways where there are granites , bombs , & guns are reaching .
India Condemns Peshawar Mosque Blast , Extends Condolences to Kin of Terror Attack Victims
Pakistan Mosque Blast : Death Toll Rises to 90 , More Than 100 Injured in Suicide Bomb Attack in Peshawar
My thoughts are with all those who have lost loved ones in this horrific attack on worshippers in a Mosque in Peshawar .
Hi ISI agents failed to stop Peshawar mosque attack because they were busy saving India in Bollywood movies .
The provincial police chief confirmed on Tuesday that the deadly mosque attack in Pakistan 's northwestern city of Peshawar which killed 95 people , was a suicide bombing .
The attack in Peshawar is a stark reminder of the ongoing threat of terrorism and the need for increased security measures .
The world needs to come together to stand against terrorism and put an end to these senseless acts of violence .
`` The terrorist attack in Peshawar is a horrific act of cowardice and goes against the principles of humanity . My thoughts are with the families of the victims .
We strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar . My heartfelt condolences to the families of all the victims . May Allah swt protect our country and citizens from all internal & external threats .
Peshawar mosque attack : Over 90 dead , 100 injured in deadly suicide bomb strike - Hindustan Times
I am so resentful on a deadly blast occurred in a mosque in Peshawar on Monday 30/01/2023 . Such an attack is not only a challenge against the whole of our civilization and values , but also a cowardly attempt to hinder our efforts for the development of our country .
India condemns Peshawar mosque attack , condoles families of deceased - Hindustan Times
ICCI strongly condemns terrorist attack on Peshawar Mosque
ICYF President H.E . Taha Ayhan is deeply saddened by the severe loss of precious lives in the terrorist attack targeting a mosque in the city of Peshawar in Pakistan on the 30th of January 2023 that led to several dead and injured .
China is deeply shocked by and strongly condemns a deadly attack at a mosque in Pakistan 's northwest Peshawar city : FM spokesperson
Many among 96 martyrs of Peshawar police line mosque attack were young policemen who were sole breadwinners and guardians of their families . Can ’ t even imagine the pain all these families must be going through while receiving their bodies today .
Short : Horrific suicide attack in mosque of , Pakistan has killed more than 90 people .
What kind of are you claiming who attack ? You so-called Muslims are running my beloved religion . Shame on those people who kill normal human beings .
A deadly blast in a mosque in Peshawar on Monday , the latest attack on the city in northwest Pakistan , killed at least 61 people and left about 157 injured , according to Peshawar Police . Rescue operations are now underway in the mosque , which is situated inside
PESHAWAR : The death toll from the attack on a mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines area a day earlier rose to 96 on Tuesday after more bodies were recovered from the attack site , according to Commissioner Riaz Mehsud .
A suspected suicide bomber attacked a mosque within the police headquarters in Pakistan ’ s Peshawar on Monday , killing dozens of worshippers and adding another attack to a running list of deadly terror strikes in the country ’ s recent history . Swipe for more
`` Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 96 '' : (
Death toll in the suicide bombing in a mosque in Pakistan 's province mounted to 96 . `` After the TTP denied their involvement in the attack , police suspect that Jamaat-ul-Ahrar may be involved in the incident . '' : IGP Mauzzam Jah Ansari
Estonia condemns yesterday ’ s deplorable attack in the mosque in . There is no justification for such acts of terrorism . We express our deepest condolences to those close to the victims and wish for a speedy recovery upon the wounded .
Ludicrous plot of jihadi wood ISI agents like Deepika Padukone failed to stop Peshawar mosque attack because they were busy in Pathan movie and saving India in Urdu Bollywood .
India condemns Peshawar mosque attack , condoles families of deceased - Hindustan Times
Death toll from attack on mosque in ’ s Police Lines rises to 96 , Najeeba Sabawoon Report
The blast on worshipers in the mosque is the trending to , after the deadliest attack held in Peshawar . The attack has so far killed more than 80 people while more than 150 people sustained injuries . The attack was claimed by Mohmand 's chapter of Tahrek Taliban Pakistan
Andy Vermaut shares : China condemns mosque attack in Pakistan : BEIJING , Jan. 31 ( Xinhua ) -- China is deeply shocked by and strongly condemns a deadly attack at a mosque in Pakistan 's northwest Peshawar city , Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Mao… Thank you .
Pakistan mosque blast that killed 95 was 'revenge against police ' : Peshawar ( Pakistan ) ( AFP ) - A suicide blast at a mosque inside a police headquarters in Pakistan that killed more than 90 people was a targeted revenge attack , a police chief said…
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 96
Strongly condemn abhorrent terrorist attack targeting a in . Deeply saddened by loss of lives . May Allah bless their souls . Extend my condolences to my brothers & sisters in Pakistan and wish speedy recovery to the wounded . stands by
| On Monday , 30 January , a deadly suicide bombing attack at a mosque along 's police lines in left over 90 people dead and injured more than 150 . Catch more here :
ISI agents failed to stop Peshawar mosque attack because they were busy saving India in Bollywood movies .
UN condemns mortal mosque attack in Pakistan UN Secretary-General , Antonio Guterres , and other top officials have deeply criticized the suicide bombing at a mosque in Peshawar , ...
India strongly condemns terror attack at mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar
PMLN Australia condemns the terrorist attack on Police Line Mosque in that killed more than 90 & injured more than 150 innocent people mostly belong to Our thoughts are with victims & their families in this difficult time .
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 96 – Pakistan
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during the prayers . My prayers and condolences go to victims families of departed souls and prayers for the speedy recovery of the injured ones . May Almighty have mercy on our beloved country .
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 96 .
China is deeply shocked by and strongly condemns a deadly attack at a mosque in Pakistan 's northwest Peshawar city : FM spokesperson
India condemns Peshawar mosque attack , condoles families of deceased - Hindustan Times
Sarbakaf Mohmand of Mohmand chapter claimed that suicide bomber Huzaifa carried out yesterday 's attack on Police Lines mosque , Peshawar . He hailed from Mohmand KPK , was 25 years of age and used 7 kg explosives . Death toll of attack currently stands at 95 & over 150 wounded
89+ killed In suicide bomb attack at Mosque blast at a police H/Q in Peshawar , northwestern Pakistan bordering Afghanistan ! Explosion seconds after the Imam began prayers ! 90 % + victims ; policemen ! 400+ there to pray ! Pakistani Taliban deny responsibility as investigation starts !
Mourning in Pakistan as Audacious Peshawar Mosque Attack Death Toll Reaches 90
Foreign Affairs Spokesperson Nabila Misrali said that the European Union strongly condemns the suicide attack on worshipers in a mosque in Peshawar .
ISI agents failed to stop the Peshawar mosque attack because they were busy saving India in Bollywood movies .
Terror attack killing multiple Muslims offering Friday prayers in Islamic country ’ s Peshawar Mosque . True , terror has no religion .
India condemns Peshawar mosque attack , condoles families of deceased | World News | Times Of Ahmedabad
India strongly condemns terror attack at mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 92 .
1 . Indonesia condemns the heinous terrorist attack at the mosque in city , which resulted in the loss of many precious lives and injured peaceful worshippers .
The death toll from the attack on a mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines area a day earlier rose to 96 after more bodies were recovered from the attack site , according to Commissioner Riaz Mehsud .
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 96 – Pakistan
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 96 – Pakistan
Statement of ISIS being circulated which claims the responsibility of the mosque attack in Peshawar . Some say it 's fake but I doubt it They have been blowing up mosques in Afghanistan in the name of labelling them as `` murtadeen '' and the same reason is given in Peshawer attack .
China is deeply shocked by and strongly condemns a deadly at a mosque in 's northwest Peshawar city , Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Mao Ning said .
is deeply shocked by and strongly condemns a deadly at a mosque in 's northwest Peshawar city , Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Mao Ning said Tuesday .
We strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar . Heartfelt condolences to the families of all the victims .
strongly condemns terror attack at mosque in 's
India strongly condemned the terror attack at Police Line Mosque in and expresses condolences to the bereaved families .
At least 92 people are confirmed to have died after a suicide bombing at a mosque in the Pakistani city of Peshawar , close to police headquarters and intelligence and counter-terrorism bureaux . At least 100 people were wounded in the attack .
At least 92 killed , hundreds injured in a suspected suicide bomb attack at a mosque in , northwestern
US still wants Pakistan to work for a better Afghanistan but the peshawar mosque attack is a clear example of what a new afghani regime did to us
27 police officers laid their lives ( martyrs ) during a terrorist attack by TTP in a mosque in Peshawar .
89 Killed In Suicide Bomb Attack At Mosque In Pakistan 's Peshawar - NDTV
The death toll from Monday ’ s suicide bombing that ripped through a mosque situated close to police headquarters in has risen to 90 , more than 200+ are injured . `` The attack was carried out by the TTP or its affiliate Jamaat-ul-Ahrar '' IG KP Police .
We believe that Jaamat ul Ahraar can be behind yesterday 's attack the Mosque inside Peshawar 's Police Line , says IG KPK .
Yemen Scholars Association Condemns Mosque 's Attack in Pakistan 's Peshawar
A suicide attack in Peshawar , Pakistan , that appeared to target policemen who were worshipping in a mosque has left at least 59 people dead . A hospital spokesman informed the Media that there had been 59 fatalities and 157 injuries .
Pakistan : Death toll climbs in Peshawar mosque attack
TTP Khawarij denied involvement in Police Line Mosque attack yesterday . But pro-TTP Ghazi Media reported that commander Umar Makram Khorasani has accepted the responsibility . are playing fifth generation war with you people of be careful .
Death toll from a suicide bombing at Peshawar mosque rose to 92 . The terror attack on mosque inside a major police facility is one of the deadliest in Pakistan in recent years .
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 92 : official
But Jamat Ul Ahrar a group of TTP claimed the responsibility of Peshawar mosque attack.Aftr the good/bad taliban debate are we heading towards the good ttp nd bad ttp debate ? ?
This distinguished house of interfaith forum `` FORBLN '' very strongly condemn the sinful attack on Police line mosque in peshawar and offers our deep condolence to families of all of the martyred in this sad incident and henious crime . We strongly believe in interfaith harmony .
I condemn the attack on a mosque in Peshawar which resulted in so many casualties and injuries . My deep condolences to the families of the victims . Places of worships have their sanctity in our religion and none has right to violate it
Pakistan mosque attack kills more than 90 people .
Less than 24 hours after the deadly attack , the Peshawar mosque opens doors for prayers
The caretaker government in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa announced one-day mourning across the province on Tuesday as a suicide attack on a mosque in Police Lines area of Peshawar claimed at least 93 lives and injured 157 others .
( Pakistan ) - UPDATE : Death Toll Still Rising , Passes 90 After Monday ’ s Pakistan Bomb Blast As More Bodies Are Still Being Found In The Rubble At A Mosque In Peshawar , Pakistan , Following Monday ’ s Deadly Suicide Blast No group has claimed responsibility for the attack .
The Muslim World League ( MWL ) Condemns and Denounces Terrorist Attack in a Mosque in Peshawar , -
What a sad news . Pray for Pakistan . A terror attack inside a crowded mosque has left 59 people killed and over 150 wounded in Peshawar , Pakistan . To Allah we belong and to Allah we return .
Death toll in mosque attack has reached 95 , caretaker KP CM tells media
We strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Peshawar police line mosque . Our prayers and condolences go to victims families .
Update : Death toll in the yesterday ’ s mosque attack has reached 95 , caretaker KP Chief Minister Azam Khan tells media .
Pakistan : Death toll climbs in Peshawar mosque attack
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families .
Strongly condemn suicide attack at the Mosque Peshawar . My thoughts are with them those who injured and with the families those who died . Human fundamental rights must be respected .
Canadian PM Trudeau denounces terrorist attack in mosque , expresses condolences for victims .
Peshawar Mosque Blast : Death Toll Reaches 89 After Overnight Search , 150 Injured ; TTP Claims Attack
83 Killed In Suicide Bomb Attack At Mosque In Pakistan 's Peshawar
The death toll from the terrorist attack on a mosque in has risen to 92 , with the majority being police officials .
The UN Security Council members have condemned “ in the strongest terms ” the suicide terrorist attack against the mosque , and called for those responsible for the “ heinous and cowardly ” action to be brought to justice .
At least 90 people have been killed in Monday ’ s suicide bombing inside a mosque in the city of Peshawar , Pakistan . The attack was initially claimed by the Pakistani Taliban ( TTP ) , but denied by its spokesperson later .
A bomb went off at a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan , Monday , killing at least 83 worshippers and injuring over 150 others . The attack in the capital of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province was carried out by a suicide bomber , police said .
Peshawar Mosque Attack : 70 Dead , Over 150 Injured ; Pak Taliban Claims Responsibility
Over 90 dead now in Peshawar mosque blast . TTP claims responsibility . Peshawar has centuries of incredible history and heritage , but now in the grip of bloodbath . Reminds of 2014 school attack that killed over 100 children . Pak is facing a nat ' l crisis .
A day before the IMF visit to Pakistan , three-e-Taliban carried out a suicide bomb attack in the peshawar mosque , which had taken away 61 people , including 30 police officers , and one cleric and left more than 161 injured .
Pakistan mosque attack : Death toll rises to 90 in Peshawar 's mosque suicide bombing
ISI agents failed to stop the Peshawar mosque attack because they were busy saving India in Bollywood movies .
Religions for Peace strongly condemns yesterday 's attack against worshippers on a Mosque inside the Peshawar ’ s Police Lines area . We mourn the loss of lives and wish quick recovery to all the injured . Religions for Peace stands with Pakistan and the World against terrorism ( 1/3 )
Funeral for mosque victims , Pakistan PM visits injured . A funeral was held for victims of the suicide bomb attack on a mosque in Peshawar that killed dozens of people , and wounded more than 150 . ( Jan. 31 )
The death toll from the attack on a mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines area a day earlier rose to 92 on Tuesday after more bodies were recovered from the attack site , a spokesperson for the Lady Reading Hospital ( LRH ) confirmed .
Arabs Kill Arabs At least 59 people were killed by a suspected suicide bombing at a mosque within a police compound in northwestern Pakistan A faction of the Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack at a Peshawar police compound
Inna lilah hi wa inna ilaehi rajeon.i dont knw if words can describe d tragedy dat befell on thse poor souls & their families.for most f us these might be jst numbrs Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 92 Read More at :
A suicide bombing in Peshawar , the capital of the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa Province , ripped through a mosque , killing at least 59 people and wounding nearly 160 in the worst attack in Pakistan in months , officials said . Why would any right thinking person do this in the God ’ s house ?
Just IN : — “ Peshawar mosque attack due to security lapses of PDM government and not due to PTI settling over 100 terrorists in Peshawar ” — TTP
Yemen Scholars Association Condemns Mosque 's Attack in Pakistan 's Peshawar
The death toll from the attack on a Mosque in Peshawar 's police lines area a day earlier rose to 87 on Tuesday after more bodies were recovered from the attack site , a spokesperson for the Lady Reading Hospital ( LRH ) confirmed .
Hamid Karzai , former Afghan president , in a tweet condemned Monday 's attack on a mosque in Peshawar in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , calling it a crime against humanity and against all Islamic and human principles and values .
Barbaric attack on the mosque demonstrates that these extremists are motivated only by their merciless ideological gains , for which they are willing to go to any length . Pak must awaken & wage a full-fledged war against terrorism .
Death toll in Pakistan mosque suicide bombing in Peshawar rises to 90 . TTP leaders Mukarram Khurasani and Sarbakaf Mohmand also claimed the suicide attack in Peshawar was revenge for the death of Umar Khalid Khurasani .
The suicide attack on worshippers in a mosque in Peshawar is an inhumane act , vehemently condemnable . May Allah ( SWT ) grant the deceased lofty ranks in paradise and swift recovery to those injured . Ameen !
Attack on a mosque in by proves that they are a perfect example of 'Khawarij ' TTP has no relation with Islam whatsoever .
PESHAWAR MOSQUE BLAST The Christian Lawyers Association in Pakistan ( CLAP ) condemns in the strongest possible words & expressions the fainthearted suicidal attack on the basis innocent people offering prayer .
92 Deaths in Horrific Mosque Attack at Peshawar Police Lines : Shocking New Reality Facing Pakistan .
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines during prayers . My prayers and condolences go to victims families . It is imperative we improve our intelligence gathering and properly equip our police forces to combat the growing threat of terrorism
UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres has strongly condemned Monday ’ s suicide bombing at a mosque that claimed 93 lives and left several wounded , saying it was “ particularly abhorrent ” that the attack happened at a worship place .
The death toll from the attack on a mosque in Peshawar ’ s area a day earlier rose to on Tuesday after more bodies were recovered from the attack site , a spokesperson for the Lady Reading Hospital ( LRH ) confirmed .
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families . My heart cries seeing my people in pain . May ALLAH bring back the peace we as a nation deserve .
The attack on a mosque in Peshawar has left over a hundred people injured and over 50 dead
Attack on a Synagogue in Jerusalem Attack on a Mosque in Peshawar
❝ Heartfelt condolences to the families and loved ones of the victims after the horrific terrorist attack on a mosque in today . My sincere condolences to and the people of after today 's tragedy.❞
Islamist kills at least 92 in Pakistan mosque attack aimed at the police
Islamist terror organisation Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan claims responsibility for the attack on Peshawar mosque
: 92 people confirmed dead in the deadliest attack of the year . Heartfelt condolences to the families of the victims .
, violence & hate are responsible for the henious attack at mosque in . . Better together globally to eliminate intolerance & violent extremism in all its forms is a hob-son ’ s choice !
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families . It is imperative we improve our intelligence gathering & properly equip our police forces to combat the growing threat of terrorism .
Security tightened around Peshawar as death toll from mosque attack rises to 87
is particularly vulnerable to attacks ; in 2014 , the APS attack was similar and carried out by TTP only , and this suicide bombing at the mosque killed nearly 90 people . The should look beyond politics .
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 92 Probably the bomb was planted by Pakistani ISI for sympathy from the world so that they could get freebies from MFI or IMF- they don ’ t care of innocent lives !
The death toll rises to 93 in a bomb blast inside a mosque in police line peshawar . This is an attack like in which children were martyred while here elders . In either cases our spirits are high and it won ’ t stop Pakistan from progressing , KP in Particular .
We the entire nation is under deep shock and saddened by the cowardly attack on a Mosque in Peshawar . May Allah be kind to the bereaved families and help Pakistan
My deepest condolences on the loss of lives as a result of the terrorist attack at the Mosque in Peshawar . We condemn this heinous act in the strongest terms . China stands in solidarity with the Government and people of Pakistan in fighting terrorism .
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 92
Death toll from terrorist attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 92
Pakistan : Death toll climbs in Peshawar mosque attack
We pay tribute to MARTYRS to Peshawar Police line Mosque attack 🥹
We are saddened by the horrific attack on a mosque in Peshawar and strongly condemn this heinous act . Our thoughts and condolences are with the victims and their families and we wish quick recovery to all the injured . We strongly condemn all forms of terrorism .
TTP , a criminal organization , is only distancing itself from Peshawar Mosque Attack because in this particular instance , their ugly brutal agenda can not take any cover . The attack in God 's home itself is unjustifiable and the TTP knows as much .
What a sad news . Pray for Pakistan . A terror attack inside a crowded mosque has left 59 people killed and over 150 wounded in Peshawar , Pakistan . To Allah we belong and to Allah we return .
The bombing on a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan is gruesome and devastating . It is a scathing attack on the people , their freedom of worship and way of life . We condole with the families of the deceased and offer prayers and solidarity to the government and people of Pakistan .
Shocking . The death toll from the attack on a mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines area rose to 99 .
Drone Attack on Iran 's Defence Workshop Blast on Mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 92
Death toll from suicide attack on mosque in Police Compound of Peshawar rises to 88 .
either takes a firm , uncompromising and irreversible stand against Islamist extremism , or surrenders itself to complete Talibanisation . Nearly 100 killed . Horrific . Condolences to the victims of the terrorist attack on a mosque in .
The death toll from the bomb blast on a crowded mosque in ’ s Police Lines area on Monday has reached 93 , with 221 people wounded in the . However , a rescue operation is still underway to retrieve bodies from the debris of the mosque .
UNSC condemns Peshawar mosque attack
The Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) says that they did not attack the police mosque in Peshawar , and called the attack on places of worship forbidden . So attack in Peshawar was carried out by the ISI itself . But why ? is the blood of Pashtuns so cheap ?
Terror attack in a mosque in Pakistani Peshawar : about a hundred dead , one and a half hundred injured
A suicide blast has killed at least 63 worshippers and injured 157 at a mosque in Pakistan 's northwest Peshawar city on Monday afternoon . The banned Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) has claimed responsibility for the attack
Slovenia condemns the horrific terrorist attack at the mosque in Peshawar , that left many dead or injured . Our sincere condolences to the victims ' families and friends .
The number of victims of a terrorist attack in a mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar has risen to 90 people . It is reported by Radio Pakistan .
Turkey condemns mosque attack Ankara has condemned the attack on the mosque and extended condolences to the Pakistani people . “ We are deeply saddened by the loss of lives and injuries as a result of Monday ’ s terrorist act targeting a mosque in northwestern Peshawar city , ” .
toll from rises to 88 . More than 150 people were injured in the attack on a Sunni mosque inside a major police facility in Peshawar .
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 92 – Pakistan
Death toll in Peshawar mosque attack has reached 92 .
After the deadly suicide attack on a mosque in Peshawar 's Police Lines , condolences and condemnation poured in from foreign nations and dignitaries . For more :
We strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Peshawar police line mosque . Our prayers and condolences go to victims families . May Allah grant the departed souls in Jannah . Ameen !
ISI agents like Deepika Paducone failed to stop Peshawar mosque attack because they were busy in Pathan movie and saving India in UrdooBollywood .
We strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Peshawar police line mosque . Our prayers and condolences go to victims families . May Allah grant the departed souls in Jannah . Ameen !
Yesterday ’ s attack on the mosque in Peshawar occurred while : U.S Special Rep for Afghanistan Tom West ( & EU Special Rep for Afghanistan Thomas Niklasson ( are on a visit to Islamabad . Coincidence ? Or timed ?
I condemn the attack on a mosque in Peshawar which resulted in so many casualties and injuries . Sincere condolences to the families of the victims . Places of worships have their sanctity in Islam and Terror & Extremist organization have no right to violate it .
28 killed in terrorist attack in Pakistan A suicide bomber attacked a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan . There are injured people .
The death toll from the attack on a mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines area a day earlier rose to 92 on Tuesday after more bodies were recovered from the attack site , a spokesperson for the Lady Reading Hospital ( LRH ) confirmed .
MOURNING : Death toll from attack on mosque in ’ s Police Lines rises to 92 . Rescue operation enters second day ; police say more suicide bombings can not be ruled out ; day of mourning observed across .
A powerful suicide bombing in Peshawar , the capital of the restive Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa Province , ripped through a mosque , killing at least 59 people and wounding nearly 160 in the worst attack in Pakistan in months , officials said . kenyatta ruto grade7 itumbi zakayo helb raila
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families . It is imperative we improve our intelligence gathering & properly equip our police forces to combat the growing threat of terrorism .
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 92 92 people were martyred . Par koi juun nahe reenge kaano par ? Jab APS k bacchon par nahe reenge to yahan kesay ! !
Strongly condemn the barbaric suicide attack in mosque in Peshawar 30 January 2023 , claiming 93 lives and wounding more than 200 people . Our thoughts and sympathy are with victims and their families , with Government and People of Pakistan . Full text at :
The death toll from the attack on a mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines area a day earlier rose to 92 on Tuesday after more bodies were recovered from the attack site , a spokesperson for the Lady Reading Hospital ( LRH ) confirmed .
: Death toll in mosque attack increases to 90 ; 130 people injured in the suicide blast inside a mosque
ISI agents failed to stop Peshawar mosque attack because they were busy saving India in Bollywood movies .
88 Deaths have been confirmed up till now in Peshawar Mosque Attack , and more than 160 have been injured .
Islamic Emirate condemns attack on mosque in Peshawar
89 Killed In Suicide Bomb Attack At Mosque In Pakistan 's Peshawar - NDTV
NDTV | 89 Killed In Suicide Bomb Attack At Mosque In Pakistan 's Peshawar - NDTV
Andy Vermaut shares : Saudi Arabia strongly condemns terrorist attack on a mosque in Peshawar : … strongly condemned and denounced the terrorist… Thank you .
A suicide blast killed 63 worshippers in a mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar on Monday . The banned Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) reportedly claimed responsibility for the attack .
The death toll from the attack on a in Police Lines area a day earlier rose to 92 on Tuesday after more bodies were recovered from the attack site , a spokesperson for the Lady Reading Hospital ( LRH ) confirmed .
Appalled by this horrific attack on worshippers in a Mosque in Peshawar . Holding in my thoughts all those who have lost loved ones .
I am traumatised , devastated.We are n't able to get over one horrifying episode and we face another one right after.The worst-ever terror attack in recent years in Pakistan killed at least 70worshippers after a blast at a mosque.God this has to stop !
The UN Security Council has condemned in strongest terms the suicide attack in Peshawar mosque and called for those responsible for heinous and cowardly action to be brought to justice
Death toll in Peshawar mosque suicide attack rises as number of fatalities reaches 90 !
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 92
We strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar . Our heartfelt condolences to the families of all the victims . May Allah protect our country from all internal & external threats ( Ameen ) .
Any terrorist attack on civilians is a travesty but on those worshiping is additionally heinous . Places of worship are places of safety and sanctuary Praying for victims , survivors and communities affected by and attacks on around the world
: Death toll rises to 90 in suicide attack at a mosque in
Death toll rises to 72 in Peshawar mosque attack , reports Pakistan 's Geo News
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 92 – Pakistan
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 92 – Pakistan
is cruelty to the oppressed.we this The mosque in this attack
89 Killed In Suicide Bomb Attack At Mosque In Pakistan 's Peshawar Ya ALLAH shaheendon ko Jannatul Firdaus m jagh aata farma ( Aameen )
At least 72 killed , 150 injured in mosque suicide attack as terror revisits Peshawar PESHAWAR :
A bomb went off at a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan , Monday , killing at least 61 worshippers and injuring over 150 others . The attack in the capital of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province was carried out by a suicide bomber , police said .
Death toll in the Mosque bomb blast in Pakistan has reached 93 with more than 230 injured . Most of the people killed are local policemen from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa . TTP has denied their involvement in the major terror attack . TTP/ISIS likely behind the terror attack .
89 Killed In Suicide Bomb Attack At Mosque In Pakistan 's Peshawar Overnight , at least nine bodies were recovered as rescuers sifted through the rubble of the mosque 's collapsed wall and roof .
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families . It is imperative we improve our intelligence gathering & properly equip our police forces to combat the growing threat of terrorism .
After the deadly suicide attack on a mosque in Peshawar 's Police Lines , condolences and condemnation poured in from foreign nations and dignitaries . For more :
More dead bodies have been recovered by the rescue team from collapsed Mosque as a result of a deadly suicide attack yesterday in Peshawar . As per the latest news , the death tally has climbed to 87 .
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in the mosque of Police Line Peshawar during prayers . My prayers and sympathies are with the affected families . IMRAN KHAN
A cowardly attack on worshippers at a mosque in Peshawar has left 59 people dead and 150 injured so far . My thoughts go out to the victims and their families , but also to the whole population . Praying for your safety . Inna lillahi wa inna ilayhi raji'un
I strongly condemn the PMLN attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar . May Allah protect our country and citizens from all internal & IMPORTED threats
Peshawar Blast update : As Death toll climbs to 92 in Peshawar Mosque Blast ، claims of suicide attack have become susious۔ The destruction ، rooftop falling narrates power full bomb blast details۔
Being citizen of Pakistan I condemned the brutal terrorist attack in Mosque in Peshawar . May Allah SWT grant the martyrs high rank in Jannah.Ameen
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar . May Allah protect our country and citizens from all internal & external threats
ISI agents failed to stop Peshawar mosque attack because they were busy saving India in Bollywood movies .
88 killed in Bomb Blast in Peshawar Mosques . The death toll from the attack on a mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines area a day earlier rose to 88 on Tuesday after more bodies were recovered from the attack site .
Death toll in the blast now stands at 93 with 221 people injured .
In northern Pakistan , at least 63 people were killed , and 157 wounded , after a suicide bomb attack inside a crowded mosque within a high-security police compound in Peshawar .
Mourning in KP as audacious Peshawar mosque attack death toll reaches 90
We strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar . My heartfelt condolences to the families of all the victims . Prayers for the quick recovery of injured . May Allah protect our country and citizens from all internal & external threats
A suicide blast has killed at least 63 worshippers and injured 157 at a mosque in 's northwest Peshawar city on Monday afternoon . The banned Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) has claimed responsibility for the attack , Xinhua reported .
Aotearoa New Zealand strongly condemns the horrific terrorist attack on a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan . We extend our deepest condolences to the victims , their loved ones , and Pakistani communities around the world .
The death toll from the attack on a mosque in ’ s Police Lines area a day earlier rose to 88 on Tuesday after more bodies were recovered from the attack site .
Death toll from suicide bombing at Peshawar mosque rises to 93 , police say , with more than 221 wounded in the attack .
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 88
A suspected suicide attack near a mosque in Peshawar city of Pakistan has left dozens of people dead and many more injured .
Ministry of Foreign Affairs , Türkiye Condemns the Terrorist Attack Targeting a Mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan !
5s Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 88
5s Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 88
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 88
Pakistan : Death toll in Peshawar mosque attack rises to 83
We stand in solidarity with the people of Peshawar , whose lives were tragically taken in the heinous attack on a mosque yesterday . We must remain vigilant against terrorism and do everything in our power to make sure such a tragedy never happens again .
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 88
: The death toll from the attack on a mosque in ’ s Lines area a day earlier rose to 88 on Tuesday after more bodies were recovered from the attack site , a spokesperson for the LRH confirmed .
88 Martyred , hundreds injured in blast at Peshawar Police Lines mosque in a terrorist attack by TTP ... for detailed local and international news please vist English News : Urdu News :
Pakistan , Peshawar mosque attack death toll rises to 87 – Libero Quotidiano
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 88 May Allah grant departed souls highest place in paradise and send bomb blast perpetrators to the deepest layer of hell .
I condemn the attack on a mosque in Peshawar , deep condolences to the families of the victims . Places of worship of any religion must be considered Safe places ......
The UN Security Council condemned in the strongest terms the heinous and cowardly suicide terrorist attack at a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan Read full statement :
I am shocked and saddened learn of the tragic suicide bomb attack in a Mosque in Peshawar , resulting in the loss of lives and injuries to innocent people . My condolences to the families of the victims . I wish those injured a speedy recovery and join the people of in solidarity !
TTP ’ s denial and TTA ’ s condemnation of yesterday ’ s mosque attack in Peshawar is mere eyewash . Pakistan needs to revisit its Afghanistan policy and counter terrorism strategy . Concrete steps must be taken .
. My heart goes out to the scores of victims of the terrorist suicide attack in a mosque in Peshawar . The barbarian terrorists are not only the enemy of our people but humanity as a whole . This is the time to stand united & strong to eliminate the dark forces . .
The toll in the suicide attack inside a mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar on Monday rose to 83 , and more than 150 people have been injured
The Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan condemned the attack on the worshipers in the mosque in Peshawar of Pakistan .
Peshawar Mosque Attack | The War Against Terror Returns via
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 88 -
Funeral prayers of 33 people , most of them policemen , who were killed in a suicide attack inside mosque in Peshawar ,
TTP fanboy in a pro-Ṭālibān/TTP/al-Qāʿidah group chat : “ Those fools who were arguing in favour of yesterday 's attack inside a mosque in Peshawar should take the pill of honour & leave the group ” ( not sure if he is talking about the group chat or TTP - the organization ) .
The death toll rose to 88 from the attack on a mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines area after more bodies were recovered from the attack site on Tuesday , a spokesperson for the Lady Reading Hospital ( LRH ) confirmed .
At a mosque in the Pakistani city of Peshawar , at least 32 people were killed and about 150 were injured . Most of them are policemen . The Pakistani Taliban group claimed responsibility for the attack .
My Peshawar Mosque Attack vlog lists : - Why suicide attacks are returning to Pakistan - Why TTP is disclaiming this attack - The `` horizontal '' threat of terror groups - Reasons behind `` revenge '' - How new terror wave affects Pak ties with US/ Afghanistan
We strongly condemn the attack on Peshawar 's Mosque . May Allah bless the martyrs soul
The number of martyrs in Peshawar attack has reached * 87 * ~ Lady Reading Hospital , Ya Allah Reham Farma Pakistan pe ( Ameen ) . |
We Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in the police lines at Mosque Peshawar . Our deepest condolences to the deceased and their families . May Allah grant the departed souls a place in Jannah , and give Sabar to their families . Ameen !
I strongly deplore the attack on a Mosque in Peshawar Pakistan which resulted in so many casualties and wounded .my deep condolence to the families of victims . Place of worship have their sanctity in our religion and none has to violate it .
The number of martyrs in Peshawar attack has reached * 87 * ~ Lady Reading Hospital , Ya Allah Reham Farma Pakistan pe ( Ameen ) . |
83 Killed In Suicide Bomb Attack At Mosque In Pakistan 's Peshawar - NDTV What is going on in kpk ? ?
At least 90 people are killed and 150 injured in the Peshawar Mosque Attack , for which TTP asserted responsibility . Visit Now
Horrific suicide bomb terrorist attack in , Pakistan , in a mosque .
A suicide attack in a mosque in Peshawar left 44 dead and 157 injured via
my prayers with the families who lost their loved ones in a terrorist suicidal attack in peshawar mosque . prayers for peshawar
Death toll from suspected suicide attack on mosque in Peshawar is now 87
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 88 – Pakistan
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 88 – Pakistan
The blast death toll is now 88 and might cross 100 . It is not Shia vs Sunni but attack on KyPakhtoon police . The mosque situated in police lines and its one of the high security place in Peshawar . This blast isn ’ t an ordinary suicide blast but a very heavy blast .
PESHAWAR : TTP denied from the involvement in the attack on Mosque in police line that claimed around 50 lives , TTP spokesman in its social media message said that they condemn attacks on mosques aother religious places .
“ A powerful suicide bombing in Peshawar , the capital of the restive Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa Province , ripped through a mosque , killing at least 59 people and wounding nearly 160 in the worst attack in Pakistan in months . ”
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 88 – Pakistan
83 Killed In Suicide Bomb Attack At Mosque In Pakistan 's Peshawar
strongly condemn the terrorist attack in a Mosque of Peshawar . My heartfelt condolences to the families of all the victims .. Unfortunately our country becomes an unsafe place for its own citizens
We strongly condemn the attack on Mosque in Peshawar yesterday . It is inhumane and barbarous . 60+ precious lives have lost to the unseen war . The damage is beyond repair and we stand by our fellow citizens in these tough times . We shall emerge stronger than before !
Peshawar mosque attack death toll rises to 90 - Radio Pakistan
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 87 via insane people ...
Pakistan : Death toll in Peshawar police mosque attack rises to 83 , vast majority of the deceased being police officials .
TTP & other warring groups have categorically denied the mosque attack in Peshawar . Something is really wrong inside the security apparatus under the command of federation .
Pakistan : Death toll in Peshawar mosque attack rises to 83
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 87
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 87 – Pakistan
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 87 – Pakistan
Death toll from attack on mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 87
Daily Minute Mirror death toll reashes 90 , rescue operations are still in process in Police Lines .
The death toll from the Peshawar mosque attack now stands at 87 .
Pakistan : Death toll in Peshawar Police mosque attack rises to 83 , vast majority of the deceased being Police Officials .
Death toll from the attack on the mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines rises to 87
Pakistan : Death toll in Peshawar mosque attack rises to 83
The death toll in yesterday ’ s mosque attack has reached 83 , this figure does n't stand for an individual instead 83 families are going to mourn over this irreplaceable loss .
A bomb attack on a Pakistani mosque . For more info :
The Peshawar mosque attack has made headlines abroad with the international community coming together to denounce the heinous attack .
87 deaths in mosque attack .
Peshawar mosque attack : Toll rises to 70 ; Pak Taliban deny responsibility | Top updates
LIVE now on HumTV , on Peshawar Mosque Attack , with
61 killed , over 150 injured in Taliban suicide attack at mosque in high-security zone in Pakistan ’ s Peshawar
61 killed , over 150 injured in Taliban suicide attack at mosque in high-security zone in Pakistan ’ s Peshawar
Hindustan Times | Peshawar mosque attack : Toll rises to 83 ; TTP deny responsibility | Updates - Hindustan Times
61 killed , over 150 injured in Taliban suicide attack at mosque in high-security zone in Pakistan ’ s Peshawar
Embassy of China strongly condemns the terrorist attack at the mosque in Peshawar . We feel deeply grieved and pay our deepest condolences to the families of victims and injured of the tragedy .
Death toll now at 87 in Peshawar mosque attack . Horrific .
The TTP initially claimed the Peshawar mosque bombing then shortly after distanced itself from the attack while a branch of the TTP then claimed it . Did they reverse course after the Afghan taliban condemned the attack ? Or do they have deep divisions and their central leader 1/2 )
Very saddened by the news on terrorist attack at the mosque in , Pakistan . Our hearts and prayers with you . Deepest condolences . Stay strong .
China strongly condemns terrorist attack in Peshawar mosque
The attack was the worst terrorist act in Peshawar since March last year , when a suicide bombing at a mosque during Friday prayers killed at least 58 people and injured nearly 200 .
I wish God 's mercy on our brothers who lost their lives in the suicide attack on the mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan ; my condolences to their families , and a speedy recovery to the injured . I condemn the heinous terrorist attack and share the pain of the Pakistani people .
We are deeply grieved over a blast inside a Mosque of Police Lines Peshawar . We join our grieving brothers and sisters and families in condemning this heinous terrorist attack and extend our heartfelt support to the bereaved families .
83 killed in suicide bomb attack at Mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar . No group has yet claimed responsibility for the attack , amid a worsening security situation in the country .
Former Punjab chief minister Chaudhry Parvez Elahi on Monday condemned the suicide attack inside the mosque at Police Lines in Peshawar , and also expressed grief over the loss of lives .
attack on Police line mosque in Peshawar during zuhr prayer , is highly condemnable.Praying to Allah for the higher status shaheeds and speedy recovery of wounded namazi . Ameen .
Spain strongly condemns yesterday 's brutal terrorist attack in a mosque in Peshawar . The Spanish Government expresses its condolences to the families of the victims and wishes for fast recovery of the injured .
We are very disappointed to learn that no institution has made a comment regarding the suicide attack on the Peshawar Mosque . Where were our intelligence agencies and who was responsible for this ? In the 24 hours following the incident , no report was issued by DGISPR .
| 46 killed , over 100 injured in Taliban suicide attack at mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar
Canadian PM Justin Trudeau strongly condemned the attack in Peshawar Mosque .
Peshawar bleeds again with suicide attack at the mosque in Police Lines . There is a war underway in KP . Pashtuns continue to be killed . The state refuses to abandon it 's flawed Afghan policy . Those who continue to support Taliban need to be held accountable .
: Death toll in mosque attack increases to 83 ; 141 people injured in the suicide blast inside a mosque
At least 61 people were killed and more than 150 injured when a suicide bomber blew himself up inside a crowded mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines area on Monday , in an attack that apparently targeted security personnel . Read more in Yesterday by TMC :
Peshawar mosque suicide attack was really condemnable my condolences are with the injured martyrs and Thier families may Allah protect this country otherwise since the day this imported government has came to power Pakistan is only heading toward destruction and danger
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar . My heartfelt condolences to the families of all the victims . May Allah protect our country and citizens from all internal & external threats
Andy Vermaut shares:83 Killed In Suicide Bomb Attack At Mosque In Pakistan 's Peshawar : The attack happened Monday during afternoon worship in the provincial capital of Peshawar , close to areas along the Afghan border where militancy has been… Thank you .
A number of politicians from all political parties condemned the terrorist act and expressed solidarity with the horrifying bombing victims as the country was rocked by the shocking suicide attack on a mosque in .
Brutal terror attack in police lines mosque in Peshawar is condemnable in strongest form killing innocent & unarmed muslims offering prayers , my heartfelt condolences with their families.The perpetrators must be identified and punished .
Saddened by the attack in but not surprised that TTP carried out this attack . What else was expected from the cold-hearted souls that killed innocents in a Mosque ? 1/2
Suicide attack in Peshawar mosque , 90 people injured
Locals in Pakistan have rushed to local hospitals to give blood following a deadly mosque attack that killed more than 60 in Peshawar . Read more :
Pakistan need to effectively implement to eliminate . Terrorist attack at mosque in Peshawar is terrible & strongly condemnable . May departed souls rest in peace & Allah give strength to their families to bear irrepairable loss .
Pakistan are getting their all grown Fruits , what they saw - Peshawar mosque blast Visuals show scene of devastation after suicide attack via
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Peshawar mosque and express my deepest sympathies with the families of the martyrs and pray for the speedy recovery of the victims .
61 killed , over 150 injured in Taliban suicide attack at Peshawar mosque in Pakistan
A deadly blast in a mosque in Peshawar on Monday , the latest attack on the city in northwest Pakistan , killed at least 61 people and left about 157 injured , according to Peshawar Police Chief Mohammad Aijaz Khan .
So a TTP fraction ( Omer Khorasani ) clarified that TTP isn ’ t involved in Peshawar Mosque Suicide Attack . It was an utter security failure and a big question mark on performance of our intelligence and Law enforcement agencies failed to foil such horrendous attack .
83 Killed In Suicide Bomb Attack At Mosque In Pakistan 's Peshawar Such a cowardly attack on innocents . Heart goes out to the families of the victims
`` Heartfelt condolences to the families of the victims of the devastating terrorist attack at the police lines mosque in Peshawar . Such cruel acts of terrorism can never shake our resolve to fight against this menace . The bravery and sacrifices of our security forces and citizens .
Peshawar mosque attack : Toll rises to 70 ; Pak Taliban deny responsibility
Suicide attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar yesterday in which nearly 61 People were died & more than 157 were injured including 27 Officers embraced Shahadat along with them . strongly condemns this violent extremism , brutal barbarous acts .
Imam Masjid embraced 'Shahadat ' in suicide attack in Peshawar Police line Mosque
83 Killed In Suicide Bomb Attack At Mosque In Pakistan 's Peshawar
My prayers are with the victims of Terrorist Attack on a mosque which killed many . Violence never happens in a Void . Behind every such event there is an agenda . Unfortunately innocent people have to pay the price for it . May those who perished RIP .
Embassy of China strongly condemns the terrorist attack at the mosque in Peshawar . We feel deeply grieved and pay our deepest condolences to the families of victims and injured of the tragedy .
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families . It is imperative we improve our intelligence gathering & properly equip our police forces to combat the growing threat of terrorism .
Death toll in Peshawar mosque attack soars to 84
: Death toll in mosque attack increases to 72 ; 141 people injured in the suicide blast inside a mosque
Pakistan : Terror attack in Pakistan : 50 wounded after explosion at mosque . A suicide bomber blew himself up in a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan . At least 50 people were injured as a result . Whether the terrorist survived is still unknown .. 30-01-2023
The death toll in the devastating suicide attack at a mosque inside the Peshawar police headquarters rose to 83 on Tuesday morning , with 157 people injured . Read story :
A suicide blast has killed at least 63 worshippers and injured 157 at a mosque in Pakistan 's northwest Peshawar city on Monday afternoon . The banned Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) has claimed responsibility for the attack
Pakistan mosque blast : Police targeted in suicide attack that kills 59 . At least 59 people have been killed by a suicide bombing that apparently targeted policemen praying in a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan .
The death toll of mosque suicide bombing increased to at least 80 , Washington Post reports . Over 150 were also wounded . The attack was carried out by Taliban , a close ally of who seized power in last year with the help of .
| Death rises to 72 in Peshawar mosque , reports 's Geo News .
Death toll rises to 72 in Peshawar mosque attack , reports Pakistan 's Geo News
Pakistan mosque attack kills more than 60 people . The latest attack on the city in northwest Pakistan killed at least 61 people and left about 157 injured , according to Peshawar Police Chief Mohammad Aijaz Khan .
Death toll rises to 72 in mosque attack , reports Pakistan 's Geo News ( ANI ) | Catch the day 's latest news and updates ➠
: At least 17 killed , 70 wounded in mosque blast in Pakistan 's Peshawar . Casualties may rise as several injured in critical condition and several others buried under collapsed mosque building . Eyewitnesses call the blast suicide attack .
Death toll rises to 72 in Peshawar mosque attack , reports Pakistan 's Geo News
Breaking News Live : Death Toll Rises To 83 In Pak 's Peshawar Mosque Attack , Says Report Click For Updates :
The has denied involvement in the attack on the Peshawar police line mosque .
: A suicide bombing at a crowded mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar killed at least 47 people , the latest attack targeting police in this northwestern city where Islamist militants remain active . - REUTERS
`` Mosque blast , 63 killed , 150 hurt at mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar ; Taliban claims responsibility . '' all they was innocent ... such as Mumbai 26/11 & attack ..... If you have n't forgotten ?
Dear Friends here is my take on the tragic attack on the mosque in . Please watch , share and subscribe . : Must Fight Home-Grown Terrorism and Extremism
Suicide attack on worshipers in Peshawar mosque is less to condemn . An attacker on a holy place like mosque and worshipers can not be a Muslim . Prayers for higher ranks of those martyred in this terrorist attack and speedy recovery of the injured .
Hazara people have been victims of terrorism which took thousands of lives during the two last decades both in Afghanistan and Pakistan . We Hazaras , as human beings condemn the attack against civilians inside Mosque , Peshawar-Pakistan .
At least 72 martyred , 150 injured in mosque suicide attack as terror revisits Peshawar ! ! ! Click Now :
Death toll rises to 72 in Peshawar mosque attack , reports Pakistan 's Geo News
Death toll rises to 72 in Peshawar mosque attack , reports Pakistan 's Geo News
Pakistan : Death toll in Peshawar police mosque attack rises to 83 , vast majority of the deceased being police officials .
61 killed , 150 injured in blast in Taliban suicide attack at mosque in Pakistan ’ s Peshawar
We strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar . My heartfelt condolences to the families of all the victims . May Allah swt protect our country and citizens from all internal & external threats .
No words will ever be enough to condemn the savage Peshawar suicide attack . Targeting a mosque , the house of Allah is proof that the attackers have nothing to do with Islam and humanity .
Peshawar mosque attack : 70 dead , over 150 injured ; Pak Taliban claimed responsibility
Pakistan : Death toll in Peshawar police mosque attack rises to 83 , vast majority of the deceased being police officials .
The death toll , now 83 according to hospital officials , keeps rising from the horrific mosque attack in Peshawar today . It could end up being the deadliest terror attack in Pakistan since IS-K targeted a campaign rally in Balochistan in 2018 , killing 149 .
Pakistan mosque bombing kills 59 worshipers , injures over 157 during prayer in Peshawar . The attack was done by a suicide bomber in a targeted attack against police and other security forces .
Police yet to confirm if Peshawar Police Lines mosque incident was a suicide attack . Police report suggests , ‘ severed head has been found from the debris and suicide bombing can not be ruled out . ’
The Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) in it 's statement has deneid it 's involvement in yesterday 's suicide attack inside a mosque in police lines area of Capital city of that killed around 60 people ( mostly policemen ) and injured more than 160 people .
In northern Pakistan , at least 63 people were killed , and 157 wounded , after a suicide bomb attack inside a crowded mosque within a high-security police compound in Peshawar .
Peshawar mosque attack : Toll rises to 70 ; TTP deny responsibility .
Peshawar Mosque Blast : Pakistani Taliban Suicide Attack Leaves Over 60 Dead , 150 Injured
Update : Death toll in the yesterday ’ s mosque attack has reached 83 - hospital spokesperson
Strongly Condemn the Suicide Attack in a Mosque in ۔ My sincere condolence with the victims & their families۔
Death toll in suicide attack inside mosque in rises to 70 , with 150 injured . Pakistan or TTP denies responsibility for which took place on Monday afternoon when over 300 devotees were inside mosque .
I condemned the brutal attack on Peshawar mosque and demanding from to take Suo Moto and investigate how federal minister knows before the attack .... ? ?
63 died 157 injured including police officer . TTP accepted the responsibility of suicide attack on Mosque in peshawar Pakistan . Rest in peace
It Happend ! ! Real Situation Of People and Mosque , Who Sacrified Lives In
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families . May Allah Save our Contrary from all bad Shadows .
The members of the UN Security Council : Condemn in the strongest terms the heinous and cowardly suicide terrorist attack at a mosque in Peshawar , . Express their deepest sympathy and condolences to the families of the victims and to the Government of Pakistan .
47 martyred and 153 injured in a suicide attack in a mosque at Police Lines in Peshawar , Pakistan . TTP commander Sarbakaf Mohmand told journalists that the mosque suicide bombing was carried out by 25-y-o man named Huzaifa hailing from Mohmand Agency . 7KG explosives
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to the victims ' families .
Presbyterian Church of Pakistan strongly condemns on a mosque in & affirms solidarity with security agencies of . They are sacrificing their life for us . May God comfort the bereaved families and heal the injured . May prevail in Pakistan
I strongly condemn attack on police line mosque in Peshawar I don ’ t know which type of Muslim and religious Islamic groups are they who attack attack mosques and kill innocent people .
The toll in the suicide attack inside a mosque in 's Peshawar rose to 70 , and more than 150 people have been injured , as per report
Andy Vermaut shares : Death Toll in Taliban Suicide Attack at Mosque in Pak 's Peshawar Rises to 61 : … ) , known as the Pakistani Taliban , claimed… Thank you .
It 's Happened ! ! Bomb Blast in Mosque Exlucive Video .
61 killed , over 150 injured in Taliban suicide attack at mosque in high-security zone in Pakistan ’ s Peshawar
There is no guarantee that a snake will not bite its owner . I condemn today 's attack on a mosque in Peshawar . Pakistani civilians should hold the Pakistan military/ISI directly responsible for this attack .
Members of : strongly condemned the heinous terrorist attack at a mosque in Peshawar expressed condolences to the families of the victims & Gov ’ t of reaffirmed that terrorism constitutes one of the most serious threats to int ’ l peace & security .
Embassy of China strongly condemns the terrorist attack at the mosque in Peshawar . We feel deeply grieved and pay our deepest condolences to the families of victims and injured of the tragedy .
SecCouncil 'condemned in the strongest terms the heinous & cowardly ' suicide terrorist attack at a mosque in Peshawar , . The attack was claimed by the & killed 'at least 63 Pakistanis with over 150 injured '
a suicide bombing at a crowded mosque in 's killed at least 32 people , the latest attack targeting police in this northwestern city where Islamist militants remain active . via
61 killed , over 150 injured in Taliban suicide attack at mosque in high-security zone in Pakistan 's Peshawar
Dozens of people have been killed in a bomb attack targeting a mosque in a security compound in the northwestern Pakistani city of Peshawar , according to authorities . At least 59 people were killed and 157 others injured . Authorities said 27 of the dead were police officials .
Peshawar Mosque Attack | The War Against Terror Returns via
Message of condolence from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Islamic Emirate regarding the deadly attack on the mosque in Peshawar .
27 police officers embraced shahadat in police line mosque attack peshawar
mosque blast : Death toll rises to 61 , Pakistani claims responsibility for suicide attack
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan in a statement condemned the attack on a mosque in .
UPDATE : Death toll in Monday 's Peshawar mosque bomb attack rises to 61 with 157 wounded . Details
️The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan in a statement condemned the attack on a mosque in .
61 killed , over 150 injured in Taliban suicide attack at mosque in high-security zone in Pakistan 's Peshawar
Over 60 killed , over 150 injured in Taliban suicide attack at mosque in high-security zone in Pakistan 's Peshawar
A deadly in a mosque in Peshawar on Monday , the latest attack on the city in northwest , killed at least 61 people and left about 157 injured , according to Peshawar Police Chief Mohammad Aijaz Khan .
Andy Vermaut shares : Guterres strongly condemns deadly mosque attack in Pakistan : The UN chief and top officials have strongly condemned the suicide bombing at a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan on Monday , that left at least 59 dead and 150… Thank you .
Pakistan mosque blast : Police targeted in suicide attack that kills 59
Death Toll in Taliban Suicide Attack at Mosque in Pakistan ` s Peshawar Rises to 61 , Over 150 Injured - Zee News
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar . My heartfelt condolences to the families of all the victims . May Allah protect our country and citizens from all internal & external threats
SecGen 'strongly condemns ' the suicide bombing at a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan . 'It is particularly abhorrent that the attack occurred at a place of worship . Freedom of religion or belief , inc the ability to worship in peace and security , is a universal human right '
On on YouTube every where I see comments and I see Indians are so happy after Peshawar mosque attack . I don ’ t know what makes them so happy like people died and they are laughing
Senator Azam Khan Swati I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar . My heartfelt condolences to the families of all the victims . May Allah protect our country and citizens from all internal & external threats
Multiple deaths , over 70 injured following an apparent bomb attack on a mosque in northwest Pakistan 's Peshawar
Suicide Bomber Kills Dozens , Wounds 150 in Attack on Mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan via
Suicide Bomber Kills Dozens , Wounds 150 in Attack on Mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan via we are one we should be united our enemies are and their protectors , who give them to harm us
The senseless attack in a mosque at Peshawar has left us saddened . We condemn these acts of violence & I want the people of Pakistan to know that our thoughts and prayers are with them .
A powerful suicide bombing on Monday ripped through a mosque frequented by police officers in a highly secured part of the city of Peshawar , killing at least 59 people and wounding nearly 160 in the worst attack in Pakistan in months ,
At least 59 people have died and more than 150 have been injured in an explosion at a mosque in the city of Peshawar . The attack is thought to have targeted members of the police force .
“ At least 59 people have been killed by a bomb that apparently targeted policemen praying in a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan . The mosque is within the tightly-guarded police HQ area . … No group has said it carried out the attack , but it has been linked to the Pakistan Taliban . ”
TTP denies the responsibility of the Peshawar suicide attack on the mosque . Imam Ghazali says that when the killer is unknown for a killing , then the incumbent ruler/state is responsible for that killing or crime .
A deadly blast in a mosque in Peshawar on Monday , the latest attack on the city in northwest Pakistan , killed at least 61 people and left about 157 injured , according to Peshawar Police Chief Mohammad Aijaz Khan .
Suicide Bomber Kills Dozens , Wounds 150 in Attack on Mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan via
in is Safe , in is under attack ! Wake Up
Taliban attack years ago against the Afghan Democratic Army , same style , say way , same mosque , but the causalities are little more than mosque & it was Friday prayer .
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar . My heartfelt condolences to the families of all the victims . May Allah swt ‘ protect our country and citizens from all internal & external threats . Aameen
61 Killed , Over 150 Injured At Mosque Attack In Pakistan ’ s Peshawar
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack on a mosque in ً which resulted in many martyred and injured . I ’ m sending my deepest sympathy to the families of the victims .
I join the many who condemn the desable bombing of a mosque in Peshawar today . The people of that city have suffered enough . We must hope that the authorities can now rally the public against this evil just as they did after the school attack in 2014 .
I strongly condemn the suicide terrorist attack in a mosque in Pakistan . My thoughts and sincere condolences are with the victims and their families . I stand with Pakistan in condemning all forms of terrorism .
-Recorded explosion at Mosque -A suicide bomber allegedly blew himself up , causing part of the mosque to collapse -Early reports speak of at least 28 dead and over 120 injured -Warrant for the attack unknown
The attack on the mosque in Peshawar is a strategic move by the West to weaken the new government of Afghanistan , accusing it of using the territory of Afghanistan against other countries . While TTP has denied any involvement in this brutal attack .
Strongly condemn the suicide attack at Police Lines Peshawar Mosque , so many precious lives lost and many injured . My heartfelt condolences to the affected families and prayers for the deceased.May Allah protect our country from such attacks .
`` The last terrorist attack on Peshawar was also a suicide bombing that targeted a mosque in March 2022 and killed more than 60 people . The Islamic State ’ s regional affiliate , Islamic State Khorasan , or ISIS-K , claimed responsibility . ''
What connects Peshawar School attack and now mosque attack & Pak Army & TTP ?
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar . My heartfelt condolences to the families of all the victims . May Allah protect our country and citizens from all internal & external threats
Andy Vermaut shares : Peshawar Mosque Attack : 61 Dead , Over 150 Injured ; Pak Taliban Claims Responsibility : … bomber was affiliated with Pakistan… Thank you .
On on YouTube every where I see comments and I see Indians are so happy after Peshawar mosque attack . I don ’ t know what makes them so happy like people died and they are laughing
Horrific to see the attack on a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan today . My thoughts and prayers are with the victims of this attack , their loved ones and the people of Pakistan . The Commonwealth family stands with Pakistan at this challenging time .
Andy Vermaut shares : Guterres strongly condemns deadly mosque attack in Pakistan : The UN chief and top officials have strongly condemned the suicide bombing at a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan on Monday , that left at least 59 dead and 150 injured . Thank you .
Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) 's official spokesman Mohammad Khorasani dissociates the group from the suicide attack in Peshawar 's Police Lines mosque , and reiterates TTP 's Ministry of Defence guidelines that suicide attacks wo n't be carried out in public places .
Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) 's official spokesman Mohammad Khorasani dissociates the group from the suicide attack in Peshawar 's Police Lines mosque , and reiterates TTP 's Ministry of Defence guidelines that suicide attacks wo n't be carried out in public places .
: suicide bomber blows himself up in Peshawar . The claimed responsibility for the attack United against !
The death toll from today ’ s devastating attack on a mosque in Peshawar has climbed to at least 61 people , most of whom were policemen attending prayers within a security compound .
زما دہ خار خائست تہ ہور مہ راوڑائئ I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar . My heartfelt condolences to the families of all the victims . May Allah protect our country and citizens from all internal & external threats
Top story : My tweets Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families . It is imperative we improve our intelligence gathering & properly equip our police forces to combat the growing threat of terrorism .
Terrorist attack at mosque in Peshawar is terrible & strongly condemnable . May departed souls rest in peace & Allah give strength to their families to bear irrepairable loss . Authorities need to effectively implement to eliminate .
WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT ! A suicide bombing at a crowded mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar killed more than 40 people , the latest attack targeting police in this northwestern city where Islamist militants remain active
3 days ago 18 killed in Karachi from gas leak Yesterday more than 40 burned in bus accident in Balochistan And today Over 60 killed in mosque attack in Peshawar
A deadly blast inside a mosque in Pakistan 's northwestern city of Peshawar Monday was likely a suicide attack , according to authorities .
Heartbreaking news from Peshawar as a mosque in the Police Lines is targeted in a terrorist suicide attack . We condemn this horrific act of violence and send our thoughts and prayers to the victims and their families . Terrorism has no place in any society
A suicide bombing that occurred in a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan killed at least 59 people on Monday and injured at least 150 people , many in critical condition . Pakistani Taliban group has claimed responsibility for the suicide attack .
A deadly blast in a mosque in Peshawar today , the latest attack on the city in northwest Pakistan , killed at least 61 people and left about 157 injured , according to Peshawar Police Chief Mohammad Aijaz Khan . Rescue operations are now underway .
A deadly blast in a mosque in Peshawar on Monday , the latest attack on the city in northwest Pakistan , killed at least 61 people and left about 157 injured , according to Peshawar Police Chief Mohammad Aijaz Khan .
Here lie the martyrs of today 's dastardly attack in the Police Lines Mosque . How many more coffins ? How many more of our brothers shall we bury ? How much more of our precious blood shall be spilled ? The perpetrators behind this attack need to be hunted down ASAP .
Here lie the martyrs of today 's dastardly attack in the Police Lines Mosque . How many more coffins ? How many more of our brothers shall we bury ? How much more of our precious blood shall be spilled ? The perpetrators behind this attack need to be hunted down ASAP .
Du ' a for Pakistan , Du ' a for those who lost their lives and were injured in the attack on the mosque in Peshawar .
FM “ Deeply saddened by the horrific attack on mosque in , Pakistan . Our sympathies for the victims , bereaved families and those fighting for their lives . Strongly condemn this terrorist act . ”
The attack in the mosque in peshawar is so heart-wrenching
In a statement to CNN , Khan , the Peshawar police chief , earlier said the incident inside the Police Lines Mosque was `` probably a suicide attack , '' echoing Pakistan Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif .
Peshawar Mosque Attack | The War Against Terror Returns via
️A blew himself up at a mosque in , . At this stage , no group has claimed responsibility for the attack . The number of has increased to 59 .
Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan denied involvement in Peshawar Police Line Mosque Attack . Who involved India ? Or Else ? or Other ?
Mhd Khurasani , the spokesperson categorically rejected today 's su ! c ! de attack at mosque in police line In the attack 59 police ki ! ! ed & 150 injured `` TTP policy clearly prohibit on & public places , '' the statement reads Connect the dots
Dozens of people have been killed in a bomb attack targeting a mosque in a security compound in the northwestern Pakistani city of Peshawar , according to authorities .
Suicide Bomber Kills At Least 20 , Injures 96 In Blast At Pakistan Mosque . A suicide bomber carried out an attack Monday , Jan. 30 , inside a mosque in the northwestern Pakistani city of Peshawar , killing at least 20 people and wounding as many as 96 worshipers .
: At least 59 people were killed and 157 people were injured in the police line mosque attack According to the spokesperson of the hospital , out of total 157 injured people , 65 injured people are currently admitted in the hospital and the rest have been discharged .
Peshawar Mosque Attack | The War Against Terror Returns via
Strongly condemn terrific terrorist attack targeting a in Pakistani . Deeply saddened by loss of muslims . May Allah accept their shadat . Extend my condolences to brotherly and wish recovery to the wounded .
Just a fleeting thought , APS Peshawar attack made the PTI chairman call off the 126 days dharna of 2016 .. Is it possible that this time too the PTI chairman may consider giving up the demand for an early election after Peshawar ’ s tragic mosque attack yesterday ? Deja vu ! Possible !
Horrified by the attack that claimed the lives of dozens of people at a mosque in Peshawar . My heart goes out to the victims ' loved ones and people across Pakistan .
Saw Ashraf Ghani 's tweets in which he has condemned the brazen attack of terrorist on the Peshawar Mosque . When he was president , Gen. Raheel had visited him , soon after APS attack , and raised the issue of TTP sanctuaries within Afghanistan .
Condemn the terrorist attack in the city of flowers Peshawar mosque killed 59 ...
Horrified by today 's deadly attack on a mosque in Peshawar . My thoughts are with families of the innocent people who perished & wishing those injured a speedy recovery . Pakistani officials have my full support as they investigate the bombing & hold perpetrators to account .
Dozens of people were killed in Pakistan after a blast ripped through a Peshawar mosque , officials said , the country ’ s worst attack in months
-MoFA : Message of condolence regarding the deadly attack on a mosque in Peshawar .
Pakistani Taliban ( TTP ) spokesperson Muhammad Khurasani disowned today 's suicide attack that targeted a mosque in Peshawar police HQs that killed 59 police personnel and wounded 150+ , saying , `` TTP guidelines strictly prohibit attacks on mosques and public places . ''
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . Remember , except Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , all are divine being/Angels .
Peshawar Bomb Blast News | Pakistan Mosque Attck Live Updates : 46 killed , 150 hurt at mosque attack in Pakistan 's Peshawar
Peshawar Mosque Attack | The War Against Terror Returns via
‘ The last terrorist attack on Peshawar was also a suicide bombing that targeted a mosque in March 2022 and killed more than 60 people . The Islamic State ’ s regional affiliate , Islamic State Khorasan … claimed responsibility. ’ Wonder if it ’ s them again .
The attack in Peshawar was suicidal , the intelligence of neighbouring countries are working against us - .
Top story : British council and others Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
Dozens of people have been killed in a bomb attack targeting a mosque in a security compound in the northwestern Pakistani city of Peshawar , according to authorities . Innalillahi wa'inna ilayhee raji'oon . Al Fatiha for the martyrs .
TTP's claim , denial of the Peshawar Mosque suicide attack raises questions 1.Damage control & retreat following a strong public reaction 2.TTP Mohmand Chapter acted independently ? 3 . TTA/IEA pressure , as this attack once again casts doubt on the IEA's policy towards TTP presence
Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan claims responsibility for attack inside Peshawar mosque
Strongly condemn terrorist incident on Police Line Peshawar mosque . The perpetrators and facilitators must be held accountable forthwith . My condolences to the bereaved families who lost loved ones . May the injured and others afectes recover soon .
Just In - The Pakistani Taliban took credit for the fatal explosion in a mosque in Peshawar on Monday , marking attack on the northwest Pakistani city - CNN
Over 59 killed mostly policemen in a deadly suicide bombing at a mosque in . More than 140 others injured . Video of last salute being given to the fallen cops . TTP likely behind the terror attack .
TTP in the statement denies the attack on mosque in Peshawar .
Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) denied involvement in Peshawar Police Line Mosque Attack .
Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) denied involvement in Peshawar Police Line Mosque Attack .
Strongly condemn the terrorist attack in a mosque in Peshawar.This attack reminds us that we are still confronted by terrorists who want to destroy the peace of our country . continues to pay the price of fighting this scourge of terrorism . We stand with families of our martyrs .
The Pakistani Taliban has claimed responsibility for a deadly blast in a mosque in Peshawar on Monday , the latest attack on the city in northwest Pakistan .
Police Among 33 Dead And 150 Wounded In Pakistan Mosque Blast . The attack happened during afternoon worship in the provincial capital of Peshawar , close to former tribal areas that border Afghanistan where militancy has been steadily rising .
More than 300 worshippers were inside the mosque when the attack took place . Pls dua for these victims . Less than a year ago a shiite mosque was bombed in Peshawar too killing worshippers . Sick twisted people who do this .
I strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar , Pakistan during prayers . Prayers & condolences go to victims families and demand resignation of `` Nadeem Anjum DG ISI ''
Peshawar mosque blast Visuals show scene of devastation after suicide attack via
Death toll in Peshawar mosque suicide bombing continues to rise , with at least 59 people dead . The bomber breached a highly fortified Red Zone compound , which houses police & counterterrorism offices . Up to 400 worshippers were in prayer during the attack
61 killed , 150 injured in Taliban suicide attack at Pakistan mosque
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families . It is imperative we improve our intelligence gathering & properly equip our police forces to combat the growing threat of terrorism .
At least 61 people dead after a terror attack in a mosque in Peshawar . A brutal reminder that not even Muslims are safe of Islamists . Everyone needs to see this danger , there ca n't be any more of these useless deaths . May the ones who already had to suffer this fate rest in peace
As reported earlier , contrary to what Dawn & other Pak media are saying , the TTP is disowning the attack on Peshawar ’ s Police Lines Mosque . My vlog has the details : coming here in just a couple of minutes .
condemns terrorist attack on a mosque in Peshawar city , may God have mercy on those who lost their lives
Andy Vermaut shares : Peshawar bomb blast : Taliban claims responsibility for Pakistan mosque suicide attack , death toll reaches 46 : … over 200… Thank you .
Funeral prayers of 33 people , most of them policemen , who were killed in a suicide attack inside mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan .
𝐁𝐈𝐆 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆 TTP has rejected its involvement in , Mosque bombing where 27 people were killed and 147 wounded . sources have accused ISI for the attack stating that its being done to divert attention from Economic crisis & gain world sympathy .
What a humiliating way to suppress a nation.Pashtun nation strongly condemns the attack on mosque in Peshawar My deep condolences to the families of the martyrs and injured.Places of worships have their sanctity in our religion.none has right to violate it .
Peshawar Fedayeen attack : High alert in Pakistan after mosque blast , medical emergency in Peshawar , shortage of blood in hospitals
Funeral prayers of the policemen died in a suicide attack in a mosque of the Peshawar police lines were offered in the same place on Monday night .
TTP claims that it is not responsible for the Peshawar Mosque attack . Then who is ? Maybe a joint presser is in order and DG ISI ?
We condemn the cowardly suicide attack on a Mosque in Peshawar . Our thoughts are with the families of the victims . Pakistan have lost over 80,000 in the war against terror . Our economy is ruined and the recent floods have n't helped . The world should write off Pakistan 's debts .
A suicide in at least 60 deads and 157 injured and my condolences go out to all Families Terrifying , Blast in Peshawar Mosque ! Praying for those injured in the blast in May Allah protect -
mosque blast : Death toll rises to 61 , Pakistani Taliban claims responsibility for suicide attack .
As per media report 's , condemns the attack on a Shia Mosque inside protected police line of that killed nearly 50 people , mostly Shia
Suicide Bomber Kills Dozens , Wounds 150 in Attack on Mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan via
A suicide in at least 60 deads and 157 injured and my condolences go out to all Families Terrifying , Blast in Peshawar Mosque Praying for those injured in the blast in May Allah protect All People -
Deadly attack at a mosque in on Jan 30,2023 : `` Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) claimed responsibility for the deadly suicide bombing at a mosque in Peshawar , which killed more than 61 people , wounding more than 150 people . '' Anschlag Moschee
We are horrified to see such an attack by the TTP on a mosque in Peshawar . Houses of worship are supposed to be sanctuaries from persecution and violence -
He had planned the attack on the mosque in peshawar
A suicide in at least 60 deads and 157 injured and my condolences go out to all Families Terrifying , Blast in Peshawar Mosque ! Praying for those injured in the blast in May Allah protect Pakistan ! Ameen .
Peshawar mosque blast : Visuals show scene of devastation after suicide attack
Suicide Bomber Kills Dozens , Wounds 150 in Attack on Mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan | Democracy Now !
Horrified about reports that at least 46 people died , and more than 100 wounded , after a suicide bombing at a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan . This attack on civilians practising their faith is a heinous crime and Malta mourns with the families of the victims .
A suicide bombing at a crowded mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar killed several worshippers , officials said . The explosion is the latest attack targeting police in this northwestern city where Islamist militants remain active . Read more
The Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) has absolved itself of involvement in suicide bombing at a mosque in Peshawar ’ s police line . TTP declared attack on mosques a crime More than 56 have died in today 's blast
TTP has distanced itself from the Peshawar Police-lines Mosque attack . The group maintains , the attack is in violation of its code of conduct issued in 2018 . Per TTP ’ s code of conduct , attacking mosques is out of bound . JuA , a TTP faction , has claimed the attack on its own . 1/2
My heart is heavy after hearing about the terrorist suicide attack in the police lines mosque in Peshawar . I strongly condemn this act of violence and offer my deepest condolences to the victims ' families .
Pakistan Mosque Blast : A terrible bomb attack in a mosque .. 46 people killed .. 150 people injured
Former PM Imran Khan condemns terrorist suicide attack at a mosque in Peshawar .
The has claimed responsibility for a deadly in a in on Monday , the latest attack on the city in northwest . The killed at least 61 people and left about 157 injured .
TTP in a press release , rejects its involvement in the attack on the Police line mosque in Peshawar .
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar . My heartfelt condolences to the families of all the victims May Allah protect pashtoons .
BREAKING : Pakistani Taliban ( TTP ) spokesperson Muhammad Khurasani disowned today 's suicide attack that targeted a mosque in Peshawar police HQs that killed 59 police personnel and wounded 150+ , saying , `` TTP guidelines strictly prohibit attacks on mosques and public places . ''
Prime Minister , Interior Minister , Army Chief of staff have visited the injured in the mosque attack and attended a memorial service for the victims . 61 have been killed and 157 injured in the attack in the Northwest city of Peshawar .
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families . It is imperative we improve our intelligence gathering & properly equip our police forces to combat the growing threat of terrorism .
: In this episode : +Pro-Khalistan groups attack in +Blast rocks mosque + '' drone attack on military facility ? Link here to watch the full episode :
Terrorist attack at mosque in is terrible & strongly condemnable . May departed souls rest in peace & Allah give strength to their families to bear irrepairable loss . Authorities need to effectively implement to eliminate .
'Terrorist attack in Peshawar – Pakistan leaves 61 dead so far Sarbakaf Mohmand , a Tehreek-e-Taliban-e-Pakistan ( TTP ) commander , claimed responsibility for Monday ’ s attack on a mosque in Peshawar . The group ’ s main spokesman was not immediately availabl…
We know that the attack on the Peshawar mosque was carried out by Pakistan 's ISI and Pakistan will again earn dollars by spilling the blood of Pashtuns .
Deeply shocked and saddened by the terrorist attack on the mosque in Peshawar . May ALLAH swt bless the souls of martyrs and grant them high ranks in Jannah .
I strongly condemn the attack in Mosque in Peshawar .
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police line Mosque Peshawar during prayer , my condolences to victims Families , We all need to stand together to fight terrorism
Pakistan mosque blast death toll on the rise , rescue efforts ongoing The death toll from the attack that targeted a mosque in has increased to 61 , according to Muhammad Asim Khan from Peshawar 's Lady Reading Hospital ,
The news of the deadly attack at a mosque in , Pakistan are very distressing . It shows terrorism remains a serious threat in the region . My prayers are with the victims of this heinous attack .
61 killed , over 150 injured in Taliban suicide attack at mosque in high-security zone in Pakistan ’ s Peshawar
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
Our hearts are heavy as we hear about the attack on the mosque in Peshawar . Such acts of violence and hatred have no place in our society .
Shocked by the brutal attack on a mosque in targeting brave personnel of . May Allah grant patience to the families who lost their loved ones .
Death toll in Pakistan 's mosque blast mounts to 44 , at least 157 injured . Tehreek-i- Pakistan claimed responsibility . Pakistan PM called it a suicide attack .
Pakistani Taliban Suicide Bomber Attack at Mosque in High Security Zone in Pakistan Peshawar .
Funeral prayers of 33 people , most of them policemen , who were killed in a suicide attack inside mosque in Peshawar . `` you ca n't keep snakes in your backyard and expect them only to bite your neighbours . Eventually those snakes are going to turn on whoever has them in backyard , ''
The death toll from the suicide bombing at a mosque in Peshawar reaches 61 . Terrorists , with their so-called broken backbone , continue to attack and kill innocent people .
DEVELOPING : Death toll from mosque bombing in , rises to 59 with about 150 injured . A commander for the Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack .
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
About a week ago , there was a suicide attack at Takht Beg check post in Khyber Jamrud district and it happened in a mosque in Peshawar police line . It is a matter of concern .
The High Representative Mr. condemns in the strongest terms the heinous terrorist bomb attack on a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan . The cowardly attack killed at least 59 people and injured more than 150 according to the latest reports .
Extending my deepest condolences to our brothers and sisters in Pakistan who lost their beloved ones in the said heinous attack at a Mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan . Wishing a speedy recovery to those injured . May Allah SWT have mercy on the people of Pakistan .
PDM particularly Moulana Fazaul-Rahman is behind the Peshawar incident and gave money to TLP to attack the Mosque in order to extend the period of caretaker government in KPK .
A suicide bombing at a crowded mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar killed several worshippers , officials said . The explosion is the latest attack targeting police in this northwestern city where Islamist militants remain active
Deeply saddened by the deplorable suicide attack today at a mosque in Every person should be and feel safe while praying . My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and all those affected .
Ministry of Foreign Affairs : KSA Strongly Condemns and Denounces Terrorist Attack in a Mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan .
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar .
. Is imploding ? Amidst unprecedented economic crisis , political turmoil , floods , major terror attack confronts -Claimed by ( creation of & ) targets Pakistani est .
The suicide attack at the mosque in Police Lines in Peshawar is an act of barbarity and the ongoing obsuratanism taking deep roots in the land of the pure . Islam teaches us love & tolerance . For God 's sake stop it .
The terrorist attack on a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan , has claimed at least 34 lives , with 150 more injured , local officials told the media . The Monday blast occurred in a heavily protected area with a massive police presence .
I Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families . Allah Pak uny Jannat-ul-firdous mein Alla moqam atta Kary Ameen
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers .
Deeply saddened by the Blast in the Mosque at the police lines in Peshawar.Pakistan is always under attack by the has had to pay such a heavy price.Our lives do n't matter
WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT - A suicide bombing at a crowded mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar killed more than 40 people , the latest attack target ... —Reuters
61 killed , over 150 injured in suicide attack at in high-security zone in ’ s
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers .
| Over 47 people have died and 100 others have been injured after a suicide bomber blew himself up at a mosque in Peshawar The Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan has reportedly claimed responsibility for the attack tells you Watch more :
Tragic Attack on a Mosque in Peshawar
Shame on intelligence agencies and security forces . Is this your standard of security and intelligence ? Strongly condemned this henius attack in mosque in Peshawar , killed and injured many people . What 's going on in Pakistan again ?
The number of martyrs in Peshawar attack has reached 59 ~ Lady Reading Hospital , Ya Allah Reham Farma Pakistan pe ( Ameen ) . |
Death toll in Pakistan 's mosque blast mounts to 44 , at least 157 injured . Tehreek-i- Pakistan claimed responsibility . Pakistan PM called it a suicide attack .
Pakistan : Attack on mosque in Peshawar , at least 33 victims ANSA news agency
The number of martyrs in Peshawar attack has reached 59 ~ Lady Reading Hospital , Ya Allah Reham Farma Pakistan pe ( Ameen ) . |
Worshippers at a mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines area endured a horrific attack today — perpetrated by the kharjites . The ghastly incident killed at least 59 people while 157 are injured . 1/3
shah-15g-30 | Al Jazeera Media View My intake on suicide attack in a mosque inside Police Lines Peshawar
The Pakistani Taliban has claimed responsibility for a deadly blast in a mosque in Peshawar on Monday , the latest attack on the city in northwest Pakistan .
WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT - A suicide bombing at a crowded mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar killed more than 40 people , the latest attack targeting police in this northwestern city where Islamist militants remain active
has strongly condemned and denounced the terrorist attack that took place in a mosque in the Pakistani city of , which led to many deaths and several injuries .
In news overnight , a suicide bomb attack in the Pakistan city of Peshawar has killed at least 59 people . The mosque is in one of the most tightly controlled areas of the city . No group has claimed responsibility , but it has been linked to the Pakistan Taliban .
Prayers up for the 61 people killed & 150+ injured in a terror attack on a Mosque at Peshawar
44 killed & the rest of 157 was injured ! Then APS now attack in Police Lines Mosque . Why Peshawar is like a piece of cake for terrorists ?
The suicide attack on Police Lines Mosque in Peshawar goes on to remind critical lessons are hard to come by . After having invested two decades of fight , terrorism rears its ugly head again . Pakistan requires an all out counter terror effort against the TTP .
I condemn the attack on a mosque in Peshawar which resulted in so many casualties and injuries . My deep condolences to the families of the victims . Places of worships have their sanctity in our religion and none has right to violate it .
We , Pashtuns , are terr * rists and we are kill ! ng Pashtuns . Is n't funny that we will k ! ll our own people ? Hunhh ! ..
Strongly condemn the attack in a mosque in Peshawar . do n't blame Afghan Taliban it is the confused policy of state of Pakistan towards TTP .
The number of martyrs in Peshawar attack has reached 59 ~ Lady Reading Hospital , Ya Allah Reham Farma Pakistan pe ( Ameen ) . |
The death toll of a suicide at a crowded mosque in 's has been upped to 47 as more information on of this latest targeting , in the northwestern city ridden with Islamist militias , trickles in .
Terrorism is our foremost national security challenge , says PM Mian Shehbaz Sharif after visiting the site of a suicide bomb attack at a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan .
The suicide attack in Police Line Peshawar Mosque saddened the entire nation Also , many questions were raised regarding the internal security of the police Global forces have left Afghanistan , but the target is still Pakistan 1/2
Peshawar one of the biggest city of Pakistan bleeds again with the suicide attack at the mosque . More than 47 innocent people killed . Those who still continue to support the Taliban need to be held accountable . This is heartbreaking .
Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar . My heartfelt condolences to the families of all the victims . May God protect our country and citizens from all internal & external threats.Salute to all blood donors .
The Pakistani Taliban has claimed responsibility for a deadly blast in a mosque in Peshawar today , the latest attack on the city in northwest Pakistan . Read more :
We strongly condemn the terrorist attack on Mosque in Peshawar
Strongly condemn the attack on the mosque of Peshawar It 's a part of our country and the most beautiful city ... Ya Allah madad .... !
61 killed , over 150 injured in Taliban suicide attack at mosque in high-security zone in Pakistan ’ s Peshawar
Message of condolence by IEA-MoFA regarding the deadly attack on a mosque in : “ IEA condemns attacks on worshipers in mosques and deems such actions in contradiction to teachings of the Holy religion of Islam ” .
47 dead , 153 injured in blast during Zubr prayers at mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar ; 'Fidayeen ' attack suspected .
I am deeply shocked and saddened to hear of the terror attack on a mosque in today . 1/3
RTStateDept : Worshipers at a mosque in Peshawar endured a horrific attack today , which killed and injured many . Terrorism for any reason at any place is indefensible . I extend my deepest condolences to the families and loved ones of the v…
A terrorist attack occurred in a mosque in the city of Peshawar ( Pakistan ) , a suicide bomber blew himself up . At least 17 Pakisrans were killed and more than 90 injured .
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar . My heartfelt condolences to the families of all the victims . May Allah protect our country and citizens from all internal & external threats . Ameen
Calls for blood donations by hospital officials in Peshawar . TTP commander Sarbakaf Mohmand told journalists that today 's mosque suicide bombing was carried out by 25-y-o man named Huzaifa hailing from Mohmand Agency . 7KG explosives used in the attack ( not verified yet ) .
The number of martyrs in Peshawar attack has reached 59 ~ Lady Reading Hospital , Ya Allah Reham Farma Pakistan pe ( Ameen ) . | Names and details of 32 martyrs
A suicide bomber detonated inside a Pakistani Mosque killing over 40 people and injuring 150 more . Reportedly , hundreds of Sunni Muslims were praying in the Peshawar mosque before the attack . Local officers are urging people to donate blood to help the victims .
The number of martyrs in Peshawar attack has reached 59 ~ Lady Reading Hospital , Ya Allah Reham Farma Pakistan pe ( Ameen ) . |
Then APS now attack in Police Lines Mosque . Why Peshawar is a piece of cake for terrorists
Suicide bombing at mosque in Pakistan kills 32 , targeted police Reuters : suicide bombing at a crowded mosque in Pakistan ’ s Peshawar killed at least 32 people on Monday , the latest attack targeting police in this northwestern city where Islamist militants remain active
Saudi Arabia condemns terrorist attack in Peshawar mosque
The Pakistani Taliban has claimed responsibility for a deadly blast in a mosque in Peshawar on Monday , the latest attack on the city in northwest Pakistan .
The Pakistani Taliban has claimed responsibility for a deadly blast in a mosque in Peshawar on Monday , the latest attack on the city in northwest Pakistan .
Peshawar blast update : Peshawar Mosque attack Death toll has risen to 59۔ Injured are 198۔
Over 59 killed mostly Pakistani policemen in a deadly suicide bombing at a mosque in Peshawar . More than 140 others injured . Video of last salute being given to the fallen cops . TTP likely behind the terror attack .
| The Ministry of Foreign Affairs expresses the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 's strong condemnation and denunciation of the terrorist attack that took place at a mosque in , Pakistan .
Updates At least 59 martyred , 157 injured in mosque suicide attack as terror revisits Peshawar Outlawed TTP takes responsibility for attack ; security inside Police Lines at high alert -- GeoNews
46 Killed , Over 100 Injured In Taliban Suicide Attack At Mosque In High-Security Zone In Pakistan ’ s Peshawar
Ministry of Foreign Affairs : Saudi Arabia Strongly Condemns and Denounces Terrorist Attack in a Mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan -
61 killed , over 150 injured in Taliban suicide attack at mosque in high-security zone in Pakistan 's Peshawar
The number of martyrs in Peshawar attack has reached 59 ~ Lady Reading Hospital , Ya Allah Reham Farma Pakistan pe ( Ameen ) . |
So this blast took place in the ‘ Red Zone ’ of Peshawar . The terrorist was able to pass through several check posts before reaching the site of the attack i.e the mosque . Was it just criminal security negligence or was somebody facilitating the perpetrator from the inside ?
A suicide bomber blew himself up inside a crowded mosque in Peshawar Pakistan on Monday , inside a highly fortified security compound , killing 47 people , the latest attack by resurgent Islamist militants targeting police in the financial & politically unstable country .
The Pakistani Taliban has claimed responsibility for a deadly blast in a mosque in Peshawar on Monday , the latest attack on the city in northwest Pakistan.A powerful explosion killed at least 48 people and left about 157 injured , according to Peshawar Police Chief
: Death toll in mosque attack increases to 44 ; 157 people injured in the suicide blast inside a mosque
Strongly condemn the suicide attack on a mosque in Police Lines today . May the martyred souls rest in peace and injured recover soon . Govt should bring the terrorists & their facilitators to justice and ensure the safety & security of ppl .
More than 30 people die in Taliban attack against a Peshawar mosque
Pakistan : Police targeted in mosque attack ; toll mounts to 47
Peshawar mosque attack kills 40 .
Team HospitALL extends heartfelt condolences to the martyrs of the Peshawar mosque bombing attack . We strongly condemn this act of blatant terrorism and atrocity and we stand with the families of the victims in this time of distress .
After today 's Peshawar terrorist attack by TTP on a mosque during Zuhur prayer , 100 % convinced that we should conduct airstrikes inside Afghanistan against TTP safe heavens Imagine what if this incident would happened in india 1/2
YOP Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . Our prayers & condolences go to victims families .
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Afghan Taliban condemned the suicide terrorist attack that took place today at the Peshawar police line mosque . IEA need to fulfill its promises ? As in The territory of Afghanistan will never be used against any other country
Very saddened by the news on terrorist attack at the mosque in , Pakistan . Our hearts and prayers with you . Deepest condolences . Stay strong .
Peshawar mosque suicide blast : 28 dead , 150 injured so far , Taliban commander claims responsibility for attack in Pakistan
A suicide bomber blew himself up inside a crowded mosque in a highly fortified security compound in , on Monday , killing 47 people , the latest attack by resurgent Islamist militants targeting police in the unstable country
My deepest condolences on the loss of lives as a result of the terrorist attack at the Mosque in Peshawar . We condemn this heinous act in the strongest terms . China stands in solidarity with the Government and people of Pakistan in fighting terrorism .
Police Targeted In Peshawar Mosque Attack ; Toll Mounts To 47
The funeral prayers of the Police Officers who embraced Shahadat in the Peshawar Police Lines mosque suicide attack were performed at Police Lines . Prayers were offered with official honours .
Strongly condemned the terrorist attack on Peshawar police line . Attacking the sacred places like mosque and worshipers during the worship is the height of brutality . May Allah give him the highest rank in jannah and shower the blessing upon the remaining .
Pakistan Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif and Chief of Army Staff ( COAS ) General Syed Asim Munir reached Peshawar on Monday following a deadly suicide attack at a mosque in the Police Lines area , media reports said .
A powerful suicide blast inside a mosque in ’ s Police Lines area martyred 47 people while 157 others were injured . The outlawed Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) had taken responsibility for the attack .
Police targeted in Peshawar mosque attack ; toll mounts to 47 At least 47 people have been killed in a ...
Pakistan : Attack on mosque in Peshawar , at least 28 victims ANSA news agency
At a mosque in the city of , at least 32 people were killed and about 150 were injured . Most of them are policemen . The Pakistani Taliban group claimed responsibility for the attack .
A very serious suicidal / devastating attack in a Mosque at Peshawar has caused more than 40 people 's death . Over 150 are injured with many in serious condition . The is a deadly act of Terrorism . Pakistan must adopt more proactive counter terrorism strategies .
Peshawar Bomb Blast News | Pakistan Mosque Attck Live Updates : 46 killed , 150 hurt at mosque attack in Pakistan 's Peshawar
My deepest condolences on the loss of lives as a result of the terrorist attack at the Mosque in Peshawar . We condemn this heinous act in the strongest terms . China stands in solidarity with the Government and people of Pakistan in fighting terrorism .
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families .
Pakistan PM Sharif meets with emergency workers and mosque blast victims : Pakistan 's Prime Minister , Shehbaz Sharif , meets with military personnel and blast victims in Peshawar , where an attack at a mosque in a police headquarters…
we strongly condemn the terror attack in peshawar police line Mosque , this is inhuman act . My deepest condolences to all the families of those who lost their lives . may their souls rest in eternal peace .
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in a Mosque of Peshawar . My heartfelt condolences to the families of all the victims .. Unfortunately our country becomes an unsafe place for its own citizens
TTP was created & supported allegedly by Pakistan Army . The Pakistanis have paid a huge price for nurturing Terrørism in Pakistan . Army Public School Attack in 2014 - 132 students were keeled & 114 injured . Mosque attack , Peshawar 2023 - 47+ keeled & 200+ injured .
Condem to Peshawar Mosque attack . Government should take measureable steps to stop such humiliating actions .
At a mosque in the Pakistani city of Peshawar , at least 32 people were killed and about 150 were injured . Most of them are policemen . The Pakistani Taliban group claimed responsibility for the attack .
Pakistan PM Sharif meets with emergency workers and mosque blast victims : Pakistan 's Prime Minister , Shehbaz Sharif , meets with military personnel and blast victims in Peshawar , where an attack at a mosque in a police headquarters killed at least 47 worshippers and wounded
FMSpokesman Naseer Kanaani has strongly condemned the suicide terror attack on worshippers at a mosque in the city of Peshawar . Kanaani extended Iran 's deepest sympathies to the government and people of Pakistan .
Peshawar bleeds again ! I strongly condemn the horrific terrorist attack on mosque in Peshawar in which dozens of people killed & injured including police officers.I express my sympathies with the victims and their families .Pashtun genocide continue .
At least 47 people were killed and several more were injured in a purported suicide bombing attack on a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan , less than one year after the deaths of 62 people in another suicide bombing attack on a mosque in the same city .
Deeply saddened by the terrorist attack in Peshawar Police Lines Mosque . May Allah bring peace to the bereaved families .
Hearing about the Peshawar bombing broke my heart . Condemn vehemently this terrorist attack on the mosque . My sincere condolences go out to the martyrs ' families . May those who were hurt quickly heal .
At least 32 killed after attack at Peshawar mosque in Pakistan - BBC News
Strongly condemn the suicide attack on a mosque in Police Lines Peshawar today . May the martyred souls rest in peace and injured recover soon . Govt should bring the terrorists & their facilitators to justice and ensure the safety & security of ppl .
I strongly condemn today ’ s dreadful attack on the mosque in the police line . I offer my deepest condolence to the people and government of . Sincere and coordinated struggle is must for eliminating terrorism/extremism .
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar Pakistan during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families and may Allah give them patience and strong Hearts for thier valuable loss .
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families . It is imperative we improve our intelligence gathering & properly equip our police forces to combat the growing threat of terrorism .
Praying for Peshawar families for the suicide attack in a mosque that killed 46 people . My sincere sympathy We need peace and love in this world .
Peshawar Bomb Blast News | Pakistan Mosque Attck Live Updates : 46 killed , 150 hurt at mosque attack in Pakistan 's Peshawar
TTP claim responsibility for todays attack in the police lines mosque in Peshawar . We need to take action man . The country is in turmoil . No economy . No proper government . And then terrorist attacks ? Pakistan is a warzone . We need IK
At a mosque in city of , at least 32 people were killed and about 150 were injured . Most of them are policemen . A Pakistani cell claimed responsibility for the attack .
Heartbroken to hear about the terrorist attack at a mosque in resulting in 49 fatalities & 157 injuries . Why do these senseless acts of violence continue to occur ? Authorities must take responsibility for the security lapses .
Appalling news from The cowardly attack on mosque is condemnable , entire country is standing firm with families of Shuhadahs & praying for them . Deteriorating security situation intelligence incompetency & sufferings for nation ; complete failure of state !
Afsoos Peshawar Mosque attack
Strongly condemning the attack on a mosque in the Peshawar police line , we know that who is doing it. ? and who wants once again war in KPk and Pashtoon belts
إِنَّا ِلِلَّٰهِ وَإِنَّا إِلَيْهِ رَاجِعُونَ , This is heartbreaking . I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Peshawar . condolence to all the families affected . May Allah keep us all secure
How meaningless and shameful this press release looks ! 2023 Taliban condemns attack on a mosque in Police headquarters in Peshawar . 2017 Taliban takes responsibility for the brutal attack on a mosque in 209 Shaheen Army Corps in Balkh killing nearly 140 humans .
PESHAWAR , Pakistan , Jan 30 ( Reuters ) - A suicide bombing at a crowded mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar killed at least 32 people on Monday , the latest attack targeting police in this northwestern city where Islamist militants remain active .
A suicide bombing ripped through a crowded mosque during prayer in the northwestern Pakistani city of Peshawar killing several worshippers , officials said . No one has claimed responsibility for the attack . Read more
Peshawar tonight .. suicide bomber kills 44 at the police lines mosque attack . More thn 80 injured
I will be India Today in a while about Attack at Mosque In Peshawar .
As rescue workers still engaged in their operation , they successfully recovered another policeman from the mosque building that collapsed in a suicide attack in the Peshawar police lines on Monday . Police said some more people are stranded inside the building .
The Yellow Party News : Suicide Attack at Peshawar Mosque Kills 47 , Wounds ...
Ministry of Foreign Affairs : The Kingdom strongly condemns and denounces the terrorist attack that took place in a mosque in the Pakistani city of Peshawar
A suicide bombing ripped through a crowded mosque during prayer in the northwestern Pakistani city of Peshawar killing several worshippers , officials said . No one has claimed responsibility for the attack
Funeral prayers of 33 people , most of them policemen , who were killed in a suicide attack inside mosque in Police Lines have been offered in Peshawar .
46 killed , 157 injured in Taliban attack at Pakistan 's Peshawar mosque
Attack in Peshawar mosque .
Worshipers at a mosque in Peshawar endured a horrific attack today , which killed and injured many . Terrorism for any reason at any place is indefensible . I extend my deepest condolences to the families and loved ones of the victims .
rest in peace , Once again Pakistan facing terrorist attack Peshawar mosque it 's painful no matter how much inbalenc relations between ind pak , Pakistan Taliban is becoming a threat to Pakistan day by day .
Funeral prayers of the policemen died in a suicide attack in a mosque of the Peshawar police lines were offered in the same place on Monday night .
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs in a statement condemned the attack on a mosque in Peshawar , a city in Khyber Pakhtunwa .
Death toll in Pakistan 's mosque blast mounts to 44 , at least 157 injured . Tehreek-i- Pakistan claimed responsibility . Pakistan PM called it a suicide attack .
Such tragic news ! 47 people martyred and many others injured . I strongly condemn the suicide attack at Police Lines mosque in . Such acts of terrorism will not affect our nation 's morale . My heartfelt condolences to the families of the martyrs .
. Attack on a mosque in . The explosion was so strong that the roof and walls of part of the mosque collapsed . The declared number of victims ( 35 ) will certainly increase
A suicide bombing ripped through a crowded mosque during prayer in the northwestern Pakistani city of Peshawar killing several worshippers , officials said . No one has claimed responsibility for the attack
Foreign Ministry has issued a statement saying that condemns attack on worshipers in a mosque in , which resulted in dozens of deaths & injuries , & deems such actions in contradiction to teachings of Islam . 1/2
Heavy suicide attack by TTP in the mosque inside the police headquarters in Peshawar Youtube link :
More than 30 people die in Taliban attack against a Peshawar mosque
READ : 46 killed , over 100 injured in Taliban suicide attack at mosque in high-security zone in Pakistan ’ s Peshawar How sad it is that innocent religious people while worshiping killed Is this heinous crime is covered in religion
A suicide bombing at a mosque in a Peshawar , Pakistan , police facility Monday killed at least 34 people and wounded 150 , according to The Associated Press . Pakistani Taliban commander Sarbakaf Mohmand claimed responsibility on Twitter for the attack , wit…
A deadly Suicide attack at mosque in Peshawar killed dozens & left more than 150 injured . The blast happened seconds after congregational prayers started . At the time of blast , more than 300 people were present inside mosque .
Targeting an enemy inside a mosque is not justified but since the Pakistani Army has set a precedent by attacking Lal Masjid , TTP or whoever did Peshawar attack could have similar excuses too . Let not the enemy be your teacher by mirroring his behavior in revenge .
A blast inside a mosque shook Pakistan ’ s Peshawar ’ on Monday , with officials saying that at least 44 people were killed and 157 were injured . Sarbakaf Mohmand , a commander for the Pakistan Taliban , claimed responsibility for the attack on Twitter .
50 dead in mosque attack . Grim reminder of what becomes of any nation that obsesses over religion & deals with terror as a means to find 'strategic depth ' People of Pakistan have had enough , will the Govt learn from its historical mistakes ? -
44 killed , 157 injured in blast at Peshawar Police Lines mosque `` This is no less than an attack on Pakistan , '' says PM Shehbaz ; TTP claims responsibility ; Peshawar CCPO says `` smell of explosives '' detected but `` too early to say anything ''
Suicide Bomber Kills Dozens , Wounds 150 in Attack on Mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan - democracynow
46 killed , over 100 injured in Taliban suicide attack at mosque in high-security zone in Pakistan 's Peshawar
The city of was rocked on Monday as an at a took the lives of 32 people and injured around 150 more . No group has claimed responsibility for the yet , but the city is known for active militants .
Suicide Bomber Kills Dozens , Wounds 150 in Attack on Mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan
I strongly condemn the cowardly Suicide attack on Mosque in . My condolences to the dead and speedy recovery to the injured . Pakistan must understand that terrorism is bad and must stop sponsoring and supporting terrorism in India . Terrorism must be condemned .
IEA-MoFA condolence message regarding attack on the Mosque in Peshawar
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families .
Shocked and saddened by the attack in . Violence is never the answer . Sending prayers for the victims , their families , and those injured . Over 44 killed in mosque explosion , with 147 injured . Stay strong .
So far 45 people have been killed and over 150 injured , when a sucide bomber blew himself inside a mosque packed with worshippers in Peshawar in Pakistan . As per media reports , the attack was in a Shia Mosque . Taliban commander now claims responsibility .
Terror Attack In Pakistan : Major Explosion At Peshawar 's Mosque ; 32 Dead & 147 Injured A mega explosion rocked Peshawar city of Pakistan on Monday . The blast occurred near a mosque in Peshawar while the prayers were going on .
We condemn the horrific attack at mosque in Peshawar . Our Thoughts and condolences go out to the victims and their families
A message of condolence from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Islamic Emirate regarding the deadly attack on the Peshawar Mosque .
७२ हूरों से मिलन ! Peshawar Bomb Blast News | Pakistan Mosque Attck Live Updates : 46 killed , 150 hurt at mosque attack in Pakistan 's Peshawar
Mohmand chapter of Pakistani Taliban ( TTP ) claims responsibility for suicide attack in a police mosque in in which a large no . of cops have been killed .
: toll in attack increases to 44 . Over 150 injured ; Pakistani claims responsibility for the attack .
Authorities claimed that a suicide bomber detonated the blast during Zohar prayers . The man was standing in the front row in the mosque during the prayer .
Afghan Taliban MoFA condemned today 's suicide attack in Peshawar police headquarters that targeted a mosque packed with worshippers , mostly police personnel . However , it does not call it a terrorist attack but an act against Islam .
Once again the so called contractor of Islam carried out a heinous attack on a mosque in where 32 innocent civilians lost their lives . It is time to eliminate the curse of terrorism from Pakistan .
The death toll from Peshawar mosque deadly attack reaches 44 killed and 157 wounded , Pakistani officials .
47 dead , 153 injured in blast during Zubr prayers at mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar ; 'Fidayeen ' attack suspected .
47 dead , 153 injured in blast during Zubr prayers at mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar ; 'Fidayeen ' attack suspected .
Pak-Afghan Watch : Ministry of Foreign Affairs has released an official statement to condemn deadly attack on a mosque in Peshawar . This is for the first time that has condemned and it 's action officially and called it against Islamic Sharia and principles .
Heartfelt condolences to the people of & to the families of deceased in recent tragic events incl . today ’ s bomb attack at mosque in Pakistani city of . I condemn such barbaric terrorist attacks . The world must stand united against the menace of terrorism .
Green Entertainment expresses our heartfelt condolences to the families of martyred worshippers & strongly condemns the terrorist attack in Peshawar Mosque .
Police Targeted in Peshawar Mosque Attack ; Toll Mounts to 47
Police lines Peshawar under suicide attack : I strictly condemn this brutal attack May Allah grant good health to the injured ones , give sabr to families of the deceased and accept shahadat of the ones martyred .
Afghan Taliban MoFA condemned today 's suicide attack in Peshawar police headquarters that targeted a mosque packed with worshippers , mostly police personnel . However , it does not call it a terrorist attack but an act against Islam .
Message of condolence by IEA-MoFA regarding the deadly attack on a mosque in Peshawar
Message of condolence by IEA-MoFA regarding the deadly attack on a mosque in Peshawar : “ IEA condemns attacks on worshipers in mosques and deems such actions in contradiction to teachings of the Holy religion of Islam ” .
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack that took place during prayers in a mosque guarded by police . The families of the victims have my warmest sympathies and sorrow .
USCIRF Commissioner “ USCIRF condemns the heinous suicide attack on a mosque in Peshawar , that killed at least 34 worshippers and injured at least 150 . ”
Terrorists attack at mosque in Peshawar is terrible incident but it is the result of poor diplomacy and loose Bilateral relationships between Pakistan and Afghanistan . It is fruit of our own actions and my land is leashed for terrorism . So do n't bash the India .
Suicide Bomber Kills Dozens , Wounds 150 in Attack on Mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan
Message of condolence by IEA-MoFA regarding the deadly attack on a mosque in Peshawar
Bomb blast after prayer in the mosque in the area of ​​police line in , ! More than 40 dead , 150 injured ! A man offering prayers blew himself up in a suicide attack ! Where is the peace in 57 Islamic countries ? +
An explosion at a crowded mosque in Peshawar killed at least 32 people in the latest attack targeting police in Pakistan 's northwestern city where militant groups remain active .
Terrorist attack at mosque in Peshawar is terrible & strongly condemnable . May departed souls rest in peace & Allah give strength to their families to bear irrepairable loss . Authorities need to effectively implement to eliminate .
Pakistan ’ s defense minister , the same man who celebrated Taliban ’ s invasion of Afghanistan , says he has evidence that the latest wave of Taliban attacks , including today ’ s tragic suicide attack at mosque , has been planned in Afghanistan . The irony speaks for itself .
We strongly condemn the blast in the Peshawar mosque and express our deep sorrows.The attack in the mosque is very sad.We pray for the injured that they may get speedy recovery , and grief for the martyrs may Allah bestow them higher rank in jannah Ameen !
A suicide bombing at a crowded mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar killed at least 32 people on Monday , the latest attack targeting police in this northwestern city where Islamist militants remain active .
Police Targeted In Peshawar Mosque Attack ; Toll Mounts To 47
Major suicide attack in Peshawar , Pakistan . Attack targeted a mosque within a secure compound . Reports vary between 44-47 killed , over 150 injured . Unfolding
Message of condolence from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan regarding the attack on the mosque in Peshawar .
Officially 44 dead and 155 injured in a suicide attack at the police line mosque , Peshawar , Pakistan To enter the Peshawar Police Lines , at least three checkpoints must be passed .
Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan claims suicide bombing at mosque within police compound in Peshawar that killed 44 & injured 150+ , says it was 4th suicide attack to avenge death of TTP commander .
Strongly condemn the terrorist attack in mosque at Peshawar . I don ’ t know why these people attacks on such a innocent Pashtun ’ s . May Allah gives the shaheed ’ s highest rank in Jannah and gives their family strength to bear the great losses .
Suicide Bomber Kills Dozens , Wounds 150 in Attack on Mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan via
Andy Vermaut shares : Pakistan Taliban Take Credit For Today 's Suicide Attack At A Mosque In Peshawar : Al Jazeera : Blast at mosque in Pakistan ’ s Peshawar kills at least 47 people Officials say an explosion at a mosque in Peshawar , … Thank you .
Islamist terror organisation Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan claims responsibility for the attack on Peshawar mosque via
More than 40 people have been killed and about 150 wounded in a bomb attack targeting police at a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan .
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar . My heartfelt condolences to the families of all the victims.May Allah protect our country and citizens from all internal & external threats
, attack on a mosque of : 32 dead , including the imam , and over 100 injured . Pakistani claim . We strongly condemn the barbaric attack carried out , they say , in the name of . has no justification !
Terrorist attack at mosque in Peshawar is terrible & strongly condemnable . May departed souls rest in peace & Allah give strength to their families to bear irrepairable loss . Authorities need to effectively implement to eliminate .
says , `` At least 47 people have been killed by a bomb that apparently targeted praying in a mosque in , .... No group has said it carried out the attack , but it has been linked to the ... ''
ISI and other agencies of Establishment failed to prevent Peshawar mosque attack , because they are too busy with foreign powers orders to get rid of and his PTI . It 's a shame and insult of a democratic Pakistan and its nation .
The outlawed Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) or Pakistani Taliban have claimed responsibility for the suicide bomb attack at a mosque in northwestern Peshawar city on Monday that left at least 47 dead and more than 150 injured , mostly policemen .
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Line Mosque Peshawar . May Almighty Allah bless patience to the family of martyrs and get the injured people well soon . These terrorist attacks wo n't finish until the Pashton Nation does n't come to an end .
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
: strongly condemns the terrorist attack on a mosque in , , which led to a number of deaths and many injuries
Condemning the heinous terror attack on a mosque in . No religion tolerates such brutality . Thoughts and prayers with the victims and their families. ``
The deadly attack at a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan is troubling , there is no place for violence at a place of worship . International Human Rights Commission strongly condemned the act of brutality by Terrorists , asking Intl : Community to reconsider their policies in Afghanistan .
BREAKING : We are getting reports from the that a terrorist attack in a pakistan mosque has killed 44 people with over 150 injured and more missing . | |
is bleeding At least 44 people were killed and 157 were injured in suicide attack at Peshawar police line mosque
We strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar . Our heartfelt condolences to the families of all the victims . May Allah protect our country from all internal & external threats ( Ameen )
Having neuclear can help you to help from enemy attack . But having self denial will kill common man every day . ( hunger , suicide bomber , kids killed in school , common man in mosque ) Self denial killed more than indian army
: 46 killed , 150 injured in Taliban suicide attack at mosque in Pakistan
Condemning the heinous terror attack on a mosque in . No religion tolerates such brutality . Thoughts and prayers with the victims and their families. ``
The government and PDM have a plan to attack the Peshawar Police Lines mosque in order to divert attention from the rise in goods and petrol prices . What is your opinion ?
My heart goes out to all victims and their loved ones of the attack this morning . May Allah grant all deceased victims Jannat ul Firdaus and swift recovery to the injured , Ameen . May Allah eliminate the extremism that is behind this heinous attack , Ameen .
Vantage With | Episode 3 In this episode : +Pro-Khalistan groups attack in +Blast rocks mosque + '' drone attack on military facility ?
Loss of life is shocking nd regrettable . There is no justification for terrorism . My sympathies r with d bereaved nd maimed victims Peshawar Bomb Blast News | Pakistan Mosque Attck Live Updates : 46 killed , 150 hurt at mosque attack in Pakistan 's Peshawar
Death toll rises to 44 , and the number of injured rises to at least 150 , in a suicide bomber attack on a crowded mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan . The mosque was inside a police compound , and most of the casualties are officers .
Pakistan , Peshawar mosque explosion : dead and wounded in kamikaze attack , the tally
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
Breaking News ! ! ! 28 dead & 150 injured in suicide Bomb attack in police-line Mosque , Peshawar .
Heart broken to hear the devastating news of the Peshawar mosque attack . My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families , the people of Peshawar & our Pakistani and Afghan communities who are grieving . Everyone has the right to worship freely & without fear .
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar . My heartfelt condolences to the families of all the victims .
A massive suicide bombing killed over 40 and injured about 150 more at a mosque in Peshawar . The Pakistani Taliban ( TTP ) claimed the attack , which marks a significant escalation from the terrorist group .
At least 32 martyred , 147 injured in mosque suicide attack as terror revisits Peshawar
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar - BBC
Attack in Peshawar Mosque once again .... please do pray for the families and their lost ones .... May Allah protect my country , my people from terrorism . Ameen
The attack on the mosque in Peshawar is regrettable and condemnable . With the growing economic crisis in the country , there is a dangerous increase in terrorism.May Allah bless this country .
We strongly condemn the terrorist attack in a Mosque , condolences to the families of victims and wish speedy recovery for injured . Our solidarity & support is with brotherly Islamic Republic of .
At least 44 martyred , 157 injured in mosque suicide attack as terror revisits Peshawar & in
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . It is imperative we improve our intelligence gathering & properly equip our police forces to combat the growing threat of terrorism . Imran Khan
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar The Religion of Peace peacefully murdering 32 people .
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Expatriates , condemns the terrorist attack that targeted a mosque in the Pakistani city .
The attack on Mosque in Peshawar is truly an inhuman act . What type of Muslims are they ? who attack Mosques in the name of Allah.Once again TTP claimed responsibility for the attack.Why govt hold responsible for it ? Will Pakistanis continue to suffer ?
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack on the mosque of Police Line Peshawar . My prayers and sympathies are with affected families . It is necessary to deal with the danger that we improve our intelligence and equip our police in a proper manner captain_
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar . My heartfelt condolences to the families of all the victims . May Allah protect our country and citizens from all internal & external threats #
We strongly condemn the bloody terrorist attack on the mosque in Peshawar today . The state must protect all minority religions . We pray for the victims , may Allah grant them a high place in jannah , Amen .
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in a Mosque condolences to the families of victims . May Allah protect our country & Peoples
central still not accepting the suicide attack on mosque in police line . However Ahrar 's Ghazi media published complete information of their involvement . The 's Governor for Zhob himself claimed credit of the attack .
PPP Thatta info Sec syed Mehmood Shah Bukhari strongly condemns the terrorist attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar . Says my heartfelt condolences to families of all the victims . May Allah protect our country and citizens from all internal & external threats .
attack on in has killed over 50 people , responsibility of accepted by on a Mosque . Mufti Taqi Usmani ( HA ) last week categorically condemned this organization operating from Soil . May Allah help us !
A powerful suicide bombing on Monday ripped through a mosque frequented by police officers in a highly secured part of the city of Peshawar , killing at least 32 people and wounding nearly 150 , officials said , in the worst attack in the country in months .
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar.May Allah protect our country and citizens from all internal & external threats
Suicide bomber kills at least 47 in Pakistan mosque attack
BREAKING : 47 dead , 153 injured in blast during Zubr prayers at mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar ; 'Fidayeen ' attack suspected .
We strongly condemn the heinous attack to the mosque in Peshawar and convey condolences to the families of the deceased as well as to the all brotherly people of Pakistan , wishing speedy recovery for those injured .
Yet another attack on Shia Mosque in Peshawar . ‘ Land of Pure ’ fighting for ‘ Islamic Purity ’ !
TTP claims responsibility for mosque attack , toll rises to 32
Islamist terror organisation Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan claims responsibility for the attack on Peshawar mosque
The news of the deadly attack at a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan is deeply troubling . There is no place for violence like this , especially at a place of worship . Our heart goes out to the victims , their families and Pakistani communities around the world .
Deeply shocked by the terrorist attack in a mosque in and the terrible toll . We condemn any form of terrorism and stand with the people against this plague . Our sincere condolences to the families of the victims , and our wishes for a speedy recovery for the injured .
Sending heartfelt condolences to the families affected by the devastating attack at a mosque in . Such acts of violence have no religion . Praying for peace and swift recovery for the injured .
PESHAWAR : At least 32 people were martyred and more than 150 were injured after a suicide bomber blew himself up at a mosque in Peshawar 's Police Lines during afternoon prayers on Monday , security and health officials said .
Bomb attack in Pakistan Peshawar mosque inside Police station . Taliban leaders took the responsibility of the attack . The situation between the Pak and Afghanistan regime is not stable and there are speculations that something big could happen !
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack at Police Lines Mosque Peshawar . My deepest condolences to the families of the victims . May Allah protect our country and its citizens from all internal and external threats
BREAKING : Peshawar , Pakistan - Possible suicide bomber causes mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar . Targets may have been law enforcement officers attending the prayer session . Story developing .
Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for Peshawar mosque bombing . A brother of slain commander of the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) Umar Khalid Khurasani claimed that the suicide bombing was part of revenge attack for his brother who was killed in Afghanistan last Aug .
At least 32 people have been killed and 150 injured in a bombing at a mosque in the Pakistani city of Peshawar . Read More :
TTP attacked Peshwar Police line mosque ( Pakistan ) through suicide bombing which resulted in killing of 44 person including several policeman , more than 150 people injured in this attack . PM Shahbaz sharif has arrived there to look the security situations
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families .
Painful news to hear about the terrorist attack inside a mosque in Peshawar this morning killing 27 and injuring more than 150 . An evil act was committed to those praying peacefully attacked in a place of worship . My heart goes out to the victims , their families , and Pakistan .
Terrible news about the attack in a mosque in Peshawar . Canada stands with against terrorism . Our thoughts are with the victims , their families and loved ones , and the community which was so brutally attacked .
This is horrible news coming from Pakistan . My heart goes out to all those involved . Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar - BBC News
Painful news to hear about the deadly terrorist attack on a mosque in Peshawar . An evil act was committed to attack a place of worship and those praying peacefully . My heart goes out to the victims , their families , and Pakistan .
A suicide bomber reportedly killed 17 & injured 90 people at a mosque in Peshawar . Such a cowardly attack on innocents . Heart goes out to the families of the victims
I condemn the heinous attack on a mosque in . I send my sincere sympathies to the families of the martyrs and prayers for the swift recovery of those injured during the blast . May Allah Almighty grant the martyrs the highest rank in Jannah . Aameen
Woke up to the news of yet another attack at a mosque in Peshawar . 34 people as of now have been confirmed to be dead , while 150 have been injured . Every few months we are reading about these attacks in Peshawar . Ya Ali Madad
At least 17 people were killed and over 90 others were injured in a suicide bomber attack inside a mosque in the Pakistani city of Peshawar ;
I strongly condemn the terrorist Attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar . My heart felt condolences to their families of all the victims . May Allah protect our country and citizens from all internal & external threats Ameen .
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar - BBC News
Andy Vermaut shares : Peshawar Mosque Blast : Pakistani Taliban Suicide Attack Leaves 46 Dead , Over 100 Injured : … of the banned Tehreek-e-Taliban… Thank you .
Peshawar mosque terror attack , claimed by TTP , is a wakeup call to ` strategic depth ' dreamers in Pakistan whose political ties with the Taliban in Afghanistan keeps inviting devastation . How many more police , soldiers & civilians will be sacrificed to placate these Neanderthals ?
Strongly condemn the cowardly terrorist attack on a mosque in .My prayers for the martyrs who lost their lives in the attack & deepest condolences 2 the affected families of shuda . has overcome the menace of terrorism in the past & shall do it again .
The Suicide attack on a in is a cowardly and brutal act that has resulted in 17 deaths and 90 injuries . Those who support and defend the in are the ones who are responsible for the blood of Innocent people on their hands . 1/2
At least 32 killed after attack at Peshawar mosque in Pakistan - BBC News
Shocked & saddened by the news on attack at the mosque in , . Heartfelt condolences to the families of the victims & wish speedy recovery for injured . Our solidarity & support is with brotherly Islamic Republic of Pakistan .
: Reports suggest has claimed responsibility for the Peshawar attack in a mosque that claimed lives of over 30 people . Earlier a man who claimed to be member of the shura took responsibility . The TTP official social media accounts are silent .
Devastating news from city of flowers Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers My prayers and condolences go to victims families May Allah protect us from these horrible incidents
The attack on Peshawar mosque is just two days after the Taliban supreme leader who in this audio clip legitimizes the attack in Pakistan as he is saying that Pakistan 's constitution is un-Islamic .
We strongly condemn todays heinous attack at a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan . Our heartfelt condolences to those affected and the people of .
Peshawar mourns as another suicide attack rips through the Police Lines mosque . The war in Pakhtunkhwa rages on , taking the lives of innocent Pashtuns . The state 's flawed Afghan policy must change , and those who support the Taliban must face accountability .
I Strongly condemn this terrorist attack in police line Mosque Peshawarand heartfelt condolences to the families of departed souls.A lot of prayers for the speedy recovery of the injured onesMay Allah SWT protect our country from all these types of threats
A terrorist attack on a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan has claimed at least 32 lives , with over 147 more injured , local officials told the media . The blast took place on Monday in a heavily protected area with a massive police presence .
BBC News - Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
No words to express this brutal terror attack in Peshawar Mosque , my heartfelt prayers and condolences to the families of victims we should stand together as a nation in this difficult time
While TTP has yet to officially claim the attack in the Police mosque in Peshawar , it is worth noticing that the code of conduct published in 2018 by the group categorically stated that suicide operations will not be carried out in mosques .
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
A suicide bombing at a crowded mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar killed at least 32 people on Monday , the latest attack targeting police in this northwestern city where Islamist militants remain active .
The Pakistani Taliban has claimed responsibility for a deadly blast in a mosque in Peshawar on Monday , the latest attack on the city in northwest Pakistan.A powerful explosion killed at least 34 people and left over 120 injured .
Peshawar mosque attack kills 40 : Everything we know so far
We strongly condemn the suicide attack in a mosque in . Our thoughts and sincere condolences are with the victims and their families . Belgium stands with Pakistan in condemning all forms of terrorism .
We are strongly condemned the terrorist suicide attack in police line mosque Peshawar during prayers .
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar Listening to ⁦ speaking to ⁦ on ⁦ on the bomb blast in a Peshawar mosque killing 28 and injuring 132 , tragic .
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
At least 32 people embraced martyrdom , while 147 people were injured in a suicide attack inside a mosque in Peshawar 's Police Lines area on Monday . We condemn this barbaric act of cowards and our thoughts and prayers are with grieving families .
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers , pray for the speedy recovery of victims , ,may Allah protect our beloved land
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in a Mosque of Peshawar . My heartfelt condolences to the families of all the victims .. Unfortunately our country becomes an unsafe place for its own citizens
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families . It is imperative we improve our intelligence gathering & properly equip our police forces to combat the growing threat of terrorism .
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in a Mosque of Peshawar . My heartfelt condolences to the families of all the victims .. Unfortunately our country becomes an unsafe place for its own citizens
I remember being scared to pray at mosques as a child cause I 'd hear news about them being bombed and it 's sad to see them be a target of blasts again . May everyone who lost their lives to the Peshawar mosque attack rest in peace and those who incurred injuries recover swiftly .
At least 32 people have been killed and 147 people injured in a suspected suicide bomb attack carried out by the Pakistan Taliban at a mosque in the city of , as the security situation in continues to deteriorate .
strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar . Heart wrenching incident . My heartfelt condolences to the families of all the victims .
Update : A spokesperson at Peshawar ’ s Lady Reading Hospital is now confirming 44 deaths in a suicide attack inside a mosque in the city ’ s Police Lines . The number of injured stands at 157 , Muhammad Asim , the hospital ’ s spokesperson , tells reporters .
Peshawar Bomb Blast News | Pakistan Mosque Attck Live Updates : 46 killed , 150 hurt at mosque attack in Pakistan 's Peshawar
A terrorist attack on a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan has claimed at least 32 lives , with over 147 more injured , local officials told the media
The suicide attack at the mosque in Police Lines in Peshawar is continuation of the ongoing war in Pakhtunkhwa . Those who cheered the Taliban 's takeover of Afghanistan and those who continue to defend and support Taliban in Pakhtunkhwa have the blood of people on their hands .
Pakistan Taliban claims responsibility for mosque attack
BBC News - Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar via
.. 47 dead and 153 injured in a terrorist attack on a mosque at Police Lines in . All susions go in one direction : the , even if the perpetrators are those of
Terrorists returned : Suicide attack in Peshawar Police Line ’ s mosque
At least 32 killed after attack at Peshawar mosque in Pakistan - BBC News
Heartbroken to hear about the mosque attack in Peshawar These opportunistic groups wo n't miss a chance to strike when our country is vulnerable . It 's unfortunate to talk about politics , but given our current weakened state , they 'll take advantage of any opportunity to attack .
Pakistan ’ s Prime Minister Mohammad Shehbaz Sharif on Monday strongly denounced the suicide attack inside a mosque at police lines in Peshawar , the capital city of the northwest province of the country .
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in the mosque of Police Line Peshawar during prayers . My prayers and sympathies are with the affected families . To deal with the growing threat of terrorism , it is imperative that we improve our intelligence and adequately equip our police
's Embassy in Islamabad strongly condemns today ’ s heinous terrorist attack [ claimed by ] on Police Line ’ s mosque in and extends its condolence to the people and government of Pakistan .
Top story : Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
Very saddened hearing about the terrorist attack on a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan . As per Media reports,34 civilians has been killed and another 150 seriously injured . Our hearts are with those who have lost their beloved once in this tragic & in-human incident .
`` Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar ''
Andy Vermaut shares : Iran Condemns Terrorist Attack on Mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar : … Nasser Kanaani strongly condemned the terrorist attack in… Thank you .
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque At least 90 people were injured in blast RIP
Being inspired by islamophobia and Pseudo cults , these protectors of islam keep frying the Muslims , killed the innocents and slaughtered the human beings.Alas ! ! Terribly fragile Today these timids conceded vicious attack on Peshawar mosque.80 are killed and hundreds are injured .
's Embassy in Islamabad strongly condemns today ’ s heinous terrorist attack [ claimed by ] on Police Line ’ s mosque in and extends its condolence to the people and government of Pakistan .
Toll in Peshawar suicide attack rises as take responsibility 46 killed , over 100 injured in Taliban suicide attack at mosque in high-security zone in Pakistan 's Peshawar
More dan 150 pipo injure for di attack for one crowded mosque inside di Pakistani city of Peshawar .
46 killed , 150 injured at mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar , Taliban claims responsibility for the attack .
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
Why is Peshawar targeted again ? The suicide attack in Police Line Peshawar Mosque saddened the entire nation of Pakistan . The attack is highly condemnable ; the entire country is standing firm with the families of Shuhadahs and praying for them . 1/2
Chairman Senate , strongly condemned suicide attack in Peshawar police lines mosque
At least 32 killed after attack at Peshawar mosque in Pakistan - BBC News
The United Arab Emirates strongly condemns the terrorist bomb attack on a mosque in Peshawar city of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , and expresses its strong condemnation of these criminal acts , and its permanent rejection of all forms of violence and terrorism
I strongly condemn the horrific terror attack on a mosque in the Police Lines area of Peshawar , Pakistan today . My thoughts and prayers are with the victims of this attack , and their loved ones . The UK is committed to the fight against terrorism .
The attack , which occurred at a mosque in the city of Peshawar in northwest Pakistan , was reported to have been a suicide bomber , killing at least 50 people and wounding another 150 . Condolences
Strongly condemn this cowardly suicide attack in Peshawar Mosque .
`` Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar ''
At least 32 killed after attack at Peshawar mosque in Pakistan - BBC News
Strongly condemn the terrorist attack on the Holy place Mosque in Peshawar . where is state ? ? ?
We condemn the horrific attack at the mosque in Peshawar that left many peaceful worshippers martyred and injured . Our sincere condolences to the victims families and friends .
If you have snakes in your backyard , you can ’ t expect them to bite only your neighbours . Suicide attack in Mosque at Peshawar Police Line.Eyewitness told suicide bomber said `` Hum hain asli Pakistan , Hum hain Tehreek e Taliban '' before blast.Condolences to families of deceased
The EU strongly condemns today 's attack against worshippers in a mosque in . We mourn the loss of lives and wish quick recovery to all the injured . EU stands with against terrorism . There is no space for hatred and extremism in our societies .
Qaumi Watan Party strongly condemns the suicide attack in Peshawar Police Line Mosque and prays for the speedy recovery of the injured and elevation of the ranks of the martyrs . Amen ,
TTP claims responsibility for Peshawar mosque attack , toll rises to 32
The suicide attack at the mosque in Police Lines in Peshawar is continuation of the ongoing war in Pakhtunkhwa . Those who cheered the Taliban 's takeover of Afghanistan and those who continue to defend and support Taliban in Pakhtunkhwa have the blood of our people on their hands .
I strongly condemn the terror attack in Peshawar Police Line Mosque . May God Almighty give higher ranks in Jannah to all the martyrs , Ameen .
I ’ m shocked & heartbroken that again people lost their lives or mourned wounds in the suicide attack in a mosque in Peshawar Police Lines . We demand the government & security forces to fight against terrorism of all sorts & protect us . My condolences are with the victims ’ homes !
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
A suicide bombing at a crowded mosque in Pakistan ’ s Peshawar killed at least 32 people on Monday , the latest attack targeting police in this northwestern city where Islamist militants remain active . | via Reuters READ :
GLORY OF PATHANS ! A human suicide bomb attack on a SUNNI mosque ( Yes , its NOT a SHIA mosque ) in Peshawar city capital of Khyber Pakhtunkhawa province of Pakistan takes lives of 50 Sunni Pashtun Muslims . Who did it ? Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) .
The terrorist attack in a mosque in Peshawar has once again brought the issue of terrorism to the forefront of public discourse . This is not a new issue for Pashtuns , who have faced persistent violence , terrorist attacks and instability due to the ongoing conflict in the region .
Strongly condemned the attack on Mosque in Peshawar police line .
I am deeply saddened by the loss of lives of innocent children in Kohat and our brothers in the Peshawar mosque attack . May Allah have mercy on us and protect us from all known and unknown Afats ameen .
Saddened & heartbroken 2 hear that so many people have been injured & lost their lives in the cowardice attack in Peshawar on a mosque . My prayers are with the victims ' families .
Top story : Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
I ’ m devastated to hear the news . The attack on mosque in Peshawar police line where people have lost their lives and injured . It is heartbreaking . When are people going to stop…… My prayers with victims family .
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 28 killed after attack in Peshawar
BBC News - Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
Strongly condemned the brutal attack in police line mosque , Peshawar where 28 people martyred and several people injured . Rest in peace with innocent people who lost their lives.May Allah grant highest place in Jannah & save Pakistan from internal , external threats .
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar via
I strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar !
Andy Vermaut shares : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 : A deadly blast inside a mosque in Pakistan 's northwestern city of Peshawar Monday was likely a suicide attack , according to… Thank you .
The TTP claimed responsibility for the Peshawar mosque attack .
A suicide bombing at a crowded mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar killed at least 32 people , the latest attack targeting police in this northwest ... —Reuters
My heart is trembling after watching scenes from Peshawar Police Lines Mosque attack . Things are getting awry day by day . How many more lives will be lost to bring peace and tranquility in our Pakistan ? Let ’ s join hand with security forces to bring peace and tranquility …
terror attack at a Peshawar mosque kills 32 according to initial reports . 100s injured when the blast ripped through 300 worshipers inside the building . No claims for the attack by any group . Possibility of involvement can not be ruled out .
The Sad State of . Death toll in mosque suicide blast rises to 32 , at least 147 injured . The outlawed Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) had taken responsibility for the attack .
Dont forget the attack in Peshawar mosque comes right after the terrorist Taliban leader called Pakistan laws un-Islamic . Terrorists have no good and bad the world awaits such actions . Still not too late Taliban must be erased
TTP has claimed responsibility for the Peshawar mosque attack . The group added that the attack was carried to revenge Khalid Khurasani 's assassination . reportedly , 32 were killed more than 145 sustained injuries in the blast .
Peshawar , Pakistan mosque : Suspected suicide attack kills more than 30 people and injures 125 - CNN
`` ... Whosoever kills an innocent human being , it shall be as if he has killed all mankind , and whosoever saves the life of one , it shall be as if he had saved the life of all mankind ... '' Qur'an5:32 Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar
“ Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar ” ( BBC News/Center ) Atleast 32 people have been killed and 150 injured after the bombing of a mosque in Pakistan . It ’ s believed the bomber was sitting in the front row . No group has claimed responsibility . 1/3
A suicide bombing at a crowded mosque in /Pakistan/L ( 30.0N,70.0E ) 's /Peshawar/L ( 34.0N,71.6E ) killed at least 32 people , the latest attack targeting police in this northwestern /city/L ( 20.2S,28.6E ) where Islamist militants remain active ...
Strongly Condemn the Terrorist Suicide Attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar During Prayers . My Prayers & Codolences Go to Victims Familes . It is Imperative We Improve Our Intelligence Gathering and Properly equip Our Police Forces to Combat the Growing Threat of Terrorism .
Wake up call for those who thought Taliban victory was ‘ breaking the shackles of slavery ’ : Suicide Attack on Mosque in Peshawar Police Lines kills at least 34
Prayers for all victims and their loved ones of the Peshawar Mosque attack this morning . May Allah guide all Muslims to respond with courage against the extremist terrorists that are behind this attack , Ameen .
The police line strongly condemns the terrorist attack in the Peshawar mosque during prayers . May Allah give patience to the families of those مرتے sympathies are with the affected families . May Allah protect the dear president futsal Women wing Aasia Chaudhry Warrich
The news of is very devastating , our condolences are with victims & their families , so many casualties . We strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines Mosque , Peshawar .
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar . My heartfelt condolences to the families of all the victims . May Allah protect our country and citizens from all internal & external threats
Prime Minister ( PM ) Shehbaz Sharif has reached Khyber Pakhtunkhwa ’ s ( KP ) capital , Peshawar , following a suicide attack at a mosque in Police Lines during afternoon prayers on Monday .
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
RatoPati : Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar -
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
Jammu Kashmir Student Community , QAU strongly condemns the terrorist in Police Line Mosque , In this moment of grief and sorrow , we stand by the families of innocent citizens who lost their lives today . May their souls rest in eternal peace .
Strongly condemn the heinous terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during Zuhr prayer . Sympathies & condolences to families of the martyred & injured . We must continue to remain vigilant & ensure our LEA ’ s get the best counterterrorism training & equipment !
May Allah give patience to the families of those who were martyred in the attack on peshawar mosque and may Allah exposed those peoples who are his share … .. Say Ameen
BBC News - Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
Peshawar bleeds again ! 30 . 01 . 2023 We strongly condemn the terrorist attack on the police lines Mosque Peshawar . | | |
As per media reports , the attack was in a Shia Mosque inside protected police line in and killed near 50 people , majority of them Policemen . Taliban commander now claims responsibility . Pakistan state is unable to fight terrorism because of its duplicity and hypocrisy .
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
A deadly blast inside a mosque in northwestern city of Peshawar Monday was likely a suicide attack , according to authorities . The powerful explosion left at least 34 people dead and 125 injured , according to Peshawar deputy commissioner Shafiullah Khan .
35 , 30 January 2023 , Press Release Regarding the Terrorist Attack Targeting a Mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan / Republic of Türkiye Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
Peshawar bleeds again ! 30 . 01 . 2023 . We Strongly condemn the terrorist attack in the police lines Mosque Peshawar . | | |
Omg . BBC News - Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines Mosque Peshawar . My heartfelt condolences to the families of all the victims . May Allah protect our country and citizens from all internal & external threats
Chairman Senate condemns suicide attack inside mosque in Peshawar
: Suicide bomber targets police in mosque attack , dozens killed
ONE Notary Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar onlinenotaryexperts
I am shattered and heartbroken that so many people lost their lives or suffered injuries in the attack on a mosque in Peshawar Police Lines . I urge the government & security forces to fight terrorism in all forms & protect every citizen . My prayers are with the victims ' families .
A suicide bombing at a crowded mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar killed at least 32 people , the latest attack targeting police in this northwestern city where Islamist militants remain active
RatoPati : Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar -
Shame on intelligence agencies and security forces Is this your standard of security and intelligence ? Strongly condemned this henius attack in mosque in Peshawar , killed and injured many people What 's going on in Pakistan again ?
PAKISTAN : SUICIDE BOMBING AT A CROWDED MOSQUE IN PESHAWAR CITY ! At least 32 people killed , more than 145 injured , on Monday . The latest attack targeted police in Peshawar .
Saddened to learn about the Peshawar Attack in a Mosque Pakistan needs to fight against Terrorism my prayers are with the Victims
At least 32 killed after attack at Peshawar mosque in Pakistan - BBC News
Extremely disappointed by knowing the brutal attack in the Police line 's mosque Peshawar at least 32 have been killed and hundred plus are wounded . The fruit of negotiation with extremists comes like that stack holders need to adopt prudent polices .
No words to express this brutal terror attack in Peshawar Mosque , my heartfelt prayers and condolences to the families of victims we should stand together as a nation in this difficult time !
Strong condemned on attack in police line mosque in peshawar
deeply disturbed to see the heinous terrorist attack , & that too inside a mosque . KP Police need reforms : alertness , training & proactive approach to tackle surging terrorism .
Pakistan never cared for the Pathans , Baloch , Sindhis or anyone else . Pakistan is all about Punjabi and Sunni Muslims . The attack on Shia Mosque is condemnable . Shame on the establishment that lets terror acts happen in Pakistan .
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar . It was probably isis , who are based in Afghanistan & kill for fun .
Shocked to hear about the terrible attack on worshippers at a mosque in 's Police Lines . Our thoughts & prayers are with the family & friends of the victims . إِنَّا لِلّهِ وَإِنَّـا إِلَيْهِ رَاجِعونَ We stand in solidarity with our brothers & sisters in Peshawar & .
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
Andy Vermaut shares:46 killed , over 100 injured in Taliban suicide attack at mosque in high-security zone in Pakistan ’ s Peshawar : … to do with… Thank you .
At least 32 killed after attack at Peshawar mosque in Pakistan - BBC News
Peshawar Mosque Suicide Blast : Maryam Nawaz condemns terrorist attack
33 killed and 150 wounded in blast at inside sensitive Pakistani police headquarters . happened during afternoon worship in the provincial capital of Peshawar . Mosque had an entire wall and some of its roof blown out by the force of the blast .
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar Published , 27 minutes ago
Islamists have carried out deadly attack at Mosque in Peshawar . Nearly 20 security personnel have been killed & more than 100 wounded . We strongly condemn the barbaric attack which has killed police personnel in the name of Islam . Terrorism is Terrorism & can ’ t be justified .
Once again , the menace of terrorism is rearing its ugly head in Pakistan . The cruel attack on the Peshawar mosque is a reminder that militants have intensified terrorist incursions . My heart goes out to the families of the Peshawar martyrs .
I strongly condemn the suicide blast in Peshawar Police Lines Mosque . We pray for forgiveness for those martyred in the attack and for the speedy recovery of the injured .
Totally condemn the attack on the Peshawar police line mosque . Strong emotions are attached to the effected .
A suicide bomber struck inside a mosque within a police compound in the Pakistani city of Peshawar , killing at least 34 people and wounding as many as 150 , most of them police . A commander for the Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack .
投稿時間:2023-01-30 22:17:44 Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
️UPDATE : At Least 34 Killed In Mosque Blast — AP The terrorist attack on a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan , has claimed at least 34 lives , with 150 more injured , local officials told the media .
TTP claims responsibility for Peshawar mosque attack , toll rises to 32
BBC News - Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
This is heartbreaking ! My heartfelt condolences to the families of the victims of this terrorist attack . “ 32 killed , 147 injured in blast at Peshawar Police Lines mosque - Pakistan ” -
Distardly terrorist attack in Peshawar mosque by TTP is clear indication that this gang of thugs/criminals is enemy of Islam/Pakistan with zero regard for humanity . This menace need to be wiped out to save country and society .
At least 32 killed after attack at Peshawar mosque in Pakistan - BBC News
A suicide bombing at a crowded mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar killed at least 32 people on Monday , the latest attack targeting police in this northwestern city where Islamist militants remain active . - Full story via Reuters at
Former pres condemn mosque attack & said '' short term tactical measures will have to give way to long term outlook . We the people who have suffered from international & regional discord are ready to contribute to such a constructive endeavor . ''
mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in
Heartbroken to see the news of a coward terrorist suicide attack at a mosque in Peshawar Prayers to the martyrs and their families . May Allah protect my country and it ’ s people from another wave of terrorism
A terrorist attack on a in , has claimed at least 32 lives , with over 147 more injured , local officials told the media . The blast took place on Monday in a heavily protected area with a massive police presence .
Nearly 30 killed and dozens wounded so far in a mosque attack staged by the TTP in Peshawar today . Yet another attack on that city , and yet another attack on a mosque . A terrible tragedy and the latest wake up call for just how dangerous a resurgent TTP has become in Pakistan .
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar - BBC News
CBC News Changed the Headline : [ At least 34 killed , dozens injured in Pakistan suicide bombing ] - to - [ A suicide attack at a mosque in Peshawar has killed and wounded many ]
PM departs for Peshawar after suicide attack in Police Line mosque
Sad news to hear that mosque attack in peshawar . Why terrorist attacks happen when PMLN leadership come to pakistan ? ? ?
CombatASemitism : At least 32 people were killed and 150 wounded in a bombing at a mosque in the Pakistani city of Peshawar . We condemn this barbaric terrorist attack which targeted innocent worshipers and we pray for a future where extremism of all forms…
Blast at Pakistan Mosque Kills Dozens The explosion came in a highly secured part of Peshawar , a provincial capital . It was the worst attack in the country in months .
46 Killed , 100 Injured In Taliban Suicide Attack At Mosque In Pakistan via
Suicide attack at peshawar mosque . Mora than 150 injured and dead 32a after blast May Allah protect humanity ameen .
At least 32 people were killed and 150 wounded in a bombing at a mosque in the Pakistani city of Peshawar . We condemn this barbaric terrorist attack which targeted innocent worshipers and we pray for a future where extremism of all forms has been defeated .
46 killed , over 100 injured in Taliban suicide attack at mosque in high-security zone in Pakistan 's Peshawar
bleeds again Really shocked to know about the heinous Peshawar suicide attack in the mosque ... My condolences go to the martyrs families and pray for the immediate recovery of the injured ..
- At least 32 people have been killed & 150 injured in a bombing at a mosque , a section of the building was destroyed & people are buried under the rubble . Most of those who died were part of the police force , believed they were the target of the attack .
6 individuals alive under the debris of the mosque after the bombing in Peshawar ’ s police lines .
Shame on intelligence agencies and security forces . Is this your standard of security and intelligence ? Strongly condemned this henius attack in mosque in Peshawar , killed and injured many people . What 's going on in Pakistan again ?
At least 32 people have been killed and 150 injured in a bombing at a mosque in the Pakistani city of Peshawar . Most of those who died were part of the police force , and it is believed they were the target of the attack .
Another At | |
Interior Minister Rana Sanaullah on Monday said the Peshawar mosque blast was a ‘ suicide attack ’ .
Peshawar bleeds again with the suicide attack at the mosque in Police Lines
46 Killed , 100 Injured In Taliban Suicide Attack At Mosque In Pakistan
Official count of fatal casualties stands at 32 by now while 147 is the total number of injured in the Police Lines mosque attack in Peshawar۔
My thoughts and prayers with the ppl who have been martyred and injured in the peshawar mosque bomb blast , only the worst of the worst , can do this , attack a place of worship ! Our security forces need to do a more thorough job , lives can not be lost like this !
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar - BBC News
46 killed , over 100 injured in Taliban suicide attack at mosque in high-security zone in Pakistan 's Peshawar
Peshawar Attack : 32 died and 140 injured , still many worshippers may be buried under the collapsed mosque structure . via
The suicidal terror attack inside the mosque is a tragic moment . Everyone nearby is requested to plz reach out for help & blood donations . Let 's rise above any pol differences & discrimination and show unity , resolve & resilience . May Allah 's mercy be upon all of us .
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
Pakistan hit by deadliest attack of 2023 ; Taliban suicide bomber kills 38 cops in Peshawar mosque
: 47 people died and 153 were injured in a suicide attack on a mosque in Police Lines . In this video , A mother cries her heart out after learning that her son has died . On the loudspeakers , hospital officials solicit blood donations .
8 years ago we had a terrorist attack targeting a mosque and today we witnessed one again…
BBC News - Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
Suicide attack at Peshawar mosque killed 4 and injured 70 and TTP claims that they have done this suicide blast . May be Pakistan people do n't have a faith in Karma . But the Indians who lost their lives in the blasts by Pakistan sponsored terrorism have belief in Karma .
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
sayedzbukhari : The Peshawar mosque attack is a cowardly attack , those who attack a mosque full of worshippers are not worthy of being called human beings . My heartfelt condolences for the martyrs and their families . The Pakistani nation will not give up on this wave of terr…
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar : More than 150 were injured in the attack at a crowded mosque in the Pakistani city of Peshawar .
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
Close to 50 people killed , around 150 injured in deadly suicide attack at . Majority of casualties officers . claims responsibility .
️UPDATE : At Least 34 Killed , 150 injured In Pakistan Mosque Blast — AP Most of the casualties were police officers . Authorities have declared a “ medical emergency ” in Peshawar . A commander for the Pakistani Taliban , claimed responsibility for the attack on Twitter .
UPDATE : Official count of fatal casualties stands at 32 by now while 147 is the total number of injured in the Police Lines mosque attack in Peshawar .
- attack on -32 killed , 147 injured in blast at Peshawar Police Lines mosque -- Lady Reading Hospital ( LRH ) Peshawar appeal for blood donations . R.E.A.L . : is an attack on of ALL
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack that happened during prayers in a Peshawar mosque . Condolences and prayers to the victims ' families
After the Peshawar mosque blast whether it was suicide attack or carried out with a planted device i can only post this video
BBC News - Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
A suicide bombing at a crowded mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar killed at least 32 people…latest attack targeting police in the northwestern city where Islamist militants remain active . Hospital officials said at least 147 people were wounded with many of them critical .
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
Prime Minister , Sharif arrived at and inquired after the heath of injured of deadly suicide bomb attack at the mosque of Police Lines . Muqam , IGP KP , Muazzam Jab Ansari received the PM .
Peshawar mosque explosion death toll rises to 32 , Geo-TV reports According to media reports , up to 500 people could be in the building at the time of the suicide attack .
At least 32 killed after attack at Peshawar mosque in Pakistan - BBC News
Peshawar bleeds again with the suicide attack at the mosque in Police Lines . There is a war underway in Pakhtunkhwa . Pashtuns continue to be killed . The state refuses to abandon it 's flawed Afghan policy . Those who continue to support the Taliban need to be held accountable s
Peshawar mosque attack kindly I request prayer Ameen
BBC News - Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
Suicide bomb attack in the mosque at . Suspecting TTP involvement !
Strongly condemn the suicide bombing at a crowded mosque in Pakistan 's that killed at least 32 people , d latest attack targeting police in this northwestern city where Islamist militants remain active . My prayers for the injured
BBC News - Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar - BBC
As Pakistan gears up for what tragically seems like the second round of a wave of Taliban-fuelled Islamist terror as signalled by the horrific Peshawar mosque attack , a reminder that Imran Khan has been a vocal supporter and apologist for the Taliban . An enabler
Shocked by the news about the deadly blast at Peshawar Police Lines mosque earlier today . Deepest condolences to the families of the victims of this horrific attack and sincere wishes for speedy recovery of the injured .
Strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines 's Peshawar mosque . My prayers & condolences are with the families of the victims . People of Peshawar are terrified . State needs to improve intelligence for combatting terrorism and for maintaining peace & stability .
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
Atleast 25 killed and over 120 injured after a suicide bomb attack at a mosque in Pakistan
At least 32 people have been killed and 150 injured in a bombing at a mosque in the Pakistani city of Peshawar . Most of those who died were part of the police force , and it is believed they were the target of the attack .
The suicide attack on the worshipers in the mosque is less to be condemned . A person who attacks a sacred place like a mosque & worshipers can not be a Muslim . Prayers for the high ranks of those martyred in this terrorist attack & for the speedy recovery of the injured .
How many Imam Masjids , Islamic scholars and Political leaders will unequivocally condemn the planners , executers and financier of the Peshawar Mosque attack as ‘ KAFIRs ’ ? You will see them dithering , and that denudes the real fault lines in our society !
The Peshawar suicide attack can not be condemned . This attack is both sad and alarming . Access of terrorists to police lines mosque shows our intelligence failure . Along with a sinking economy , the rise in terrorism will prove to be even more devastating .
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
My heart goes out to the victims of the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . May Allah give the families strength to bear this loss and enable us to make our country safer .
Suicide attack at peshawar mosque . Mora than 150 injured and dead 32a after blast.May Allah protect humanity ameen .
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar via /r/news
More than 30 worshipers were martyred and at least 150 injured in a suspected suicide attack on a mosque in Peshawar . Heartbreaking news that shook the soul .
A suspected suicide attack on a mosque in Pakistan ’ s northwestern city of Monday kills more than 30 people and injures 125 .
Strongly condemn abhorrent terrorist attack targeting a in . Deeply saddened by loss of lives . May Allah bless their souls . Extend my condolences to my brothers & sisters in Pakistan and wish speedy recovery to the wounded . stands by
47 dead and 153 injured in a suicide attack in a mosque at Police Lines Peshawar KPK Province Pakistan
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar - BBC News
Peshawar bleeds once again by the terrorist attack in mosque at police line during zuhr prayers . The state has failed to protect the citizens .
Breaking News : Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) has claimed responsibility for the Peshawar mosque attack .
Simply no : 35 , 30 January 2023 , Press Release Regarding the Terrorist Attack Targeting a Mosque within Peshawar , Pakistan
A suicide bombing at a crowded mosque in Pakistan 's killed at least 32 people , the latest attack targeting police in this northwestern city where Islamist militants remain active .
Leadership of Pakistan Jamhoori Tehreek stongly condemn suicide attack in Police Line 's Mosque Peshawar .
The news of the deadly attack at a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan is deeply troubling . There is no place for violence like this , especially at a place of worship . My heart is with the victims , their families and Pakistani communities around the world .
Press Release Regarding the Terrorist Attack Targeting a Mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan
TTP claims responsibility for Peshawar mosque attack , toll rises to 32
BBC News - Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
Terrorist attack in Police line mosque in Peshawar needs to be condemned vehemently . It is known fact that the terrorists hardly do such dastardly acts of their own volition but have at their back support of foreign intelligence operators.Prevalent internal situation suits them .
Alert The suicide attack on the mosque of Police Line was carried out by 25-year-old Huzaifa of Mohmand Agency . Seven kilograms of explosives were used in the suicide attack . Sarbakaf Mohmand , commander of the TTP
Peshawar is the target once again clearly we 're the biggest fool to trust Taliban . No . of martyrs of suicide attack in a mosque at police line reached 47 . Over 150 are injured while many are beneath rubble . May the injured & affectees recover soon . Ya Allah Reham !
Dr 46 killed , over 100 injured in Taliban suicide attack at mosque in high-security zone in Pakistan ’ s Peshawar
投稿時間:2023-01-30 21:27:06 Pakistan mosque blast : At least 28 killed after attack in Peshawar
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 28 killed after attack in Peshawar
At least 32 killed after Peshawar mosque attack . More people dead for no apparent reason other than a bomber 's bonkers reasoning . Injured taken to Lady Reading Hospital named for Viceregal Consort who worked for health of women & children . She was Jewish .
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
Strongly condemned terrorist attack on mosque in Peshawar . Why always Peshawar bleeds ?
Terrorist attack in — A suicide bomber struck inside a mosque within a police compound in Peshawar , killing at least 34 people and wounding as many as 150 , most of them police . The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack .
Thoughts to those who have been caught up in the Peshawar mosque attack .
Hindustan Times : Peshawar blast LIVE : Pak Taliban commander claims responsibility for suicide attack at mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar For News on the go , Download HT app . Click
Top story : Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
Top story : Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
BBC News - Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
Top story : Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
Top story : Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
A brother of the slain commander of the Umar Khalid Khurasani claimed that the suicide attack was part of the revenge attack for his brother who was killed last August in Afghanistan . Atleast 46 killed and 150 injured at the mosque blast in Pakistan 's Peshawar .
A suicide bomber struck inside a mosque within a police compound in the Pakistani city of Peshawar , killing at least 34 people and wounding as many as 150 , most of them police . A commander for the Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack .
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar via I can not imagine how such an act can even remotely be connected to anything religious . These people belong to a mental hospital …
PM Shehbaz Sharif denounces the suicide attack at Police Lines mosque in Peshawar , calls for adopting a comprehensive strategy for KP security situation
Strongly Condemned the Suicide Attack in Peshawar Mosque .. Where 100 of People arrived to offer Prayers but they lost their lives after the cruel blast .. Allah Almighty will not spare those who did this bloodshed .. Condolences for the Affected Families ..
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 28 killed after attack in Peshawar
Shia attacks on Sunni Muslim Mosque in Pakistan Revenge taken by Shia Muslim , Before some weeks sunni attack on shia
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
Peshawar is bleeding today , with many lives lost in the attack at the mosque . Deep condolences to the families of the bereaved . We can only pray that the relatives of the departed find the patience to bear the loss .
TTP claims responsibility for Peshawar mosque attack , toll rises to 32 ( 4th Ld )
TTP claims responsibility for Peshawar mosque attack , toll rises to 32 ( 4th Ld )
Incredibly saddened by the suicide bomber attack earlier today inside a mosque in the northwestern Pakistani city of Peshawar , killing almost 30 people and wounding scores more . My thoughts and prayers go to all those affected
47 martyred and 153 injured in a suicide attack in a mosque at Police Lines in Peshawar , Pakistan .
Top story : Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
Top story : Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
Top story : Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
At least 32 dead and scores wounded from blast during Zubr prayers at mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar ; 'Fidayeen ' attack suspected , possibly by Islamic militant group Lashkar-e-Taiba
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
Noticias : Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
Today once again there is a suicide attack in a mosque in Peshawar , 50 martyrs and 130 injured . May Allah have special mercy on the country of Pakistan .
This is heartbreaking . Strongly condemn the henious attack in police line mosque , Peshawar . My heart goes out to all bereaved families .
More than 28 persons killed in a Big explosion in Peshawar near a Mosque . The attack is believed to be by suicide bomber .
20 worshipers were martyred and 55 were injured in a suicide terrorist attack on the mosque during noon prayer in Peshawar police lines .
* Senior police officers were targeted in a suicide attack in a mosque on police lines in Peshawar , Pakistan * * The suicide bomber blew himself up as soon as the prayers started * * About 25 of the 70 injured are senior Pakistani police officers * இன்னைக்கு வெள்ளிகிழமை கூட இல்லயே
Less than a year ago , a similar incident in Peshawar claimed more than 60 lives in a terrorist attack by ISKP . Yet , witnesses another blast in a mosque . ( I/II )
The suicide attack at the mosque in Police Lines in Peshawar is continuation of the ongoing war in Pakhtunkhwa . Those who cheered the Taliban 's takeover of Afghanistan and those who continue to defend and support Taliban in Pakhtunkhwa have the blood of our people on their hands .
Embassy of Afghanistan in Islamabad strongly condemns today ’ s heinous terrorist attack on Police Line ’ s mosque in Peshawar City which inflicted dozens of casualties on worshippers and extends its condolence to the people and government of Pakistan . ( 1/2 )
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 32 killed after attack in Peshawar
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 28 killed after attack in Peshawar
The state has failed us . The leaders running the country do n't feel the pain of those who lost loved ones in the Peshawar Blast . 47 people lost their lives and over 150 were injured in a suicide attack at a mosque in Peshawar .
Strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Police Lines 's Peshawar mosque . My prayers & condolences are with the families of the victims . People of Peshawar are terrified . State needs to improve intelligence for combatting terrorism & 4 maintaining peace & stability .
Top story : Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
Top story : Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in the mosque of Police Line Peshawar during prayers . My prayers and sympathies are with the affected families . To deal with the growing threat of terrorism , it is imperative that we improve our intelligence and equip police force with .
The City of Flowers bleeds again . Earthlink vehemently condemns the terrorist attack at the Peshawar Police Lines mosque . Our deepest prayers are with those who lost their lives and with the loved ones they left behind . May the injured recover soon .
Deeply saddened by the terrorist attack in Peshawar today that too in a mosque during prayers . My deepest condolences to the victims and their families . Peshawar is bleeding again kindly please I request you all to go and donate blood as the victims are in need of it…
A suicide at a crowded in 's Peshawar killed at least 32 people on Monday , the latest attack targeting police in this northwestern city where Islamist remain active .
( The NY Times ) : at Mosque Kills At Least 27 : The explosion came in a highly secured part of Peshawar , a provincial capital . It was the worst attack in the country in months . ..
46 killed , over 100 injured in Taliban suicide attack at mosque in high-security zone in Pakistan ’ s Peshawar
Top story : Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
The Peshawar mosque attack is a cowardly attack , those who attack a mosque full of worshippers are not worthy of being called human beings . My heartfelt condolences for the martyrs and their families . The Pakistani nation will not give up on this wave of terror that has emerged .
Top story : Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
Pakistani Terror Attack __________________ A suicide bomber detonated his S-IED belt inside a Mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan , killing 47 & injuring +153 worshippers . This is a 'very ' notable terror event . It targeted a Mosque & Muslims …
Top story : Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
> A suicide at a crowded mosque in 's killed at least 32 people on Monday , the latest targeting police in this northwestern city where Islamist militants remain active .
46 Killed , Over 100 Injured In Taliban Suicide Attack At Mosque In High-Security Zone In Pakistan ’ s Peshawar . Vs
Extremely tragic to hear that at least 28 people have been killed and 150 injured in a blast at a mosque in the Pakistani city of Peshawar . My thoughts and prayers are with all those that have lost their loved ones in this horrific attack .
Green Entertainment expresses our heartfelt condolences to the families of martyred worshippers & strongly condemns the terrorist attack in Peshawar Mosque .
A suicide bombing at a crowded mosque in 's Peshawar killed at least32people the latest attack targeting police in the northwestern city where Islamist militants remain active Hospital officials said at least147people were wounded w/many of them in critical condition Reuters
BBC News - Pakistan mosque blast : At least 28 killed after attack in Peshawar
At least 51 people were killed and 150 injured in the suicide attack on the Police-line mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan . After the attack , the TTP commander Umar Khalid Khurasani released a recording claiming responsibility for the incident .
Strongly condemn the cowardly attack that has taken place in Peshawar mosque . My prayers and thoughts with the people who injured and condolences to families who have lost their loved ones
Peshawar , Pakistan mosque : Suspected suicide attack kills more than 30 people and injures 125
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 28 killed after attack in Peshawar
Top story : Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
This is an inhumane act.Strongly condemned the attack on Peshawar Police lines mosque.Ca n't express the grief and pain for this barbaric act . Pakistan ca n't bear such menaces . Ya Allah Reham . All Prayers with victims ' families .
Peshawar , Pakistan mosque : Suspected suicide attack kills more than 30 people and injures 125
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 28 killed after attack in Peshawar - BBC News
Top story : Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
Top story : Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
de lo que leo en Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
Top story : Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
Top story : Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 28 killed after attack in Peshawar
A suicide bombing at a crowded mosque in Pakistan ’ s Peshawar killed at least 32 people on Monday , the latest attack targeting police in this northwestern city where Islamist militants remain active .
A suicide bombing at a crowded mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar killed at least 32 people , t latest attack targeting police in t northwestern city where Islamist militants remain active . Hospital officials said at least 147 people were wounded , with many in critical condition . ( Reuters
MASSACRE ! At least least 28 people have been killed and around 150 injured in a suspected suicide bomb attack on a mosque located in ’ s Police Lines area during Monday afternoon prayers .
46 killed , over 100 injured in Taliban suicide attack at mosque in high-security zone in Pakistan ’ s Peshawar
25 dead in suicide bomb attack in Peshawar mosque , 120 injured
46 Killed , Over 100 Injured In Taliban Suicide Attack At Mosque In High-Security Zone In Pakistan ’ s Peshawar
Peshawar police mosque bombing is the deadliest attack Pakistan has suffered in the last few years .
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 28 killed after attack in Peshawar
Strongly condemn the heinous terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during Zuhr prayer . Sympathies & condolences to families of the martyred & injured .
Sad news from our neighbour country . A cowardice attack on a holy place ( mosque ) leads to death of atleast 28 innocent people and more than 100 people got injured reportedly in . .
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 28 killed after attack in Peshawar
I , being a Pakistani , extremely condemn the suicide attack in Peshawar mosque . In Blast , almost 150 were injured and more than 50 has been killed . My all sympathy with their family and friends . May God give you patience to bear and pass this calamity hour .
Pakistan mosque blast : At least 28 killed after attack in Peshawar
32 killed , 147 hurt at mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar in a suicide bomb attack . Most of casualties were policemen as the mosque is within Police headquarters compound . Brother of slain commander of Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan Umar Khalid Khurasani claims it 's a revenge attack .
Top story : Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
Shame on intelligence agencies and security forces . Is this your standard of security and intelligence ? Strongly condemned this henius attack in mosque in Peshawar , killed and injured many people . What 's going on in Pakistan again ?
Top story : Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
Top story : Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
The attack on the worshipers in the Peshawar mosque is less to be condemned . A person who attacks a sacred place like a mosque and worshipers can not be a Muslim . Prayers for the high ranks of those martyred in this attack and for the speedy recovery of the injured .
MASSACRE ! At least least 28 people have been killed and around 150 injured in a suspected suicide bomb attack on a mosque located in ’ s Police Lines area during Monday afternoon prayers .
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families .
The U.S. Mission to Pakistan extends its deepest condolences to the families and loved ones of the victims of the horrific attack at a Police Lines mosque in Peshawar on January 30 . The United States stands with Pakistan in condemning all forms of terrorism .
Strongly condemn terrorist attack in police line mosque Peshawar . My condolences is with victims families.Praying for speedy recovery of injureds .
Live : 46 killed , over 100 injured in Taliban suicide attack at mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar
46 Killed , Over 100 Injured In Taliban Suicide Attack At Mosque In High-Security Zone In Pakistan ’ s Peshawar
Peshawar , Pakistan mosque : Suspected suicide attack kills more than 30 people and injures 125
Very sad to hear the attack on mosque in Peshawar . May ALLAH Grant them highest rank in Jannah and prayers for families they left behind .
Top story : Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
35 killed , 150 injured in blast at Peshawar Police Lines mosque . Brother of slain TTP chief , Omar Khalid Khorasani claiming responsibility for the attack .
: At least 28 have been killed and 150 injured in the mosque bomb attack in on Monday . 300 to 400 people were in the mosque when the attack happened . Most of the dead and injured were police due to the mosque 's close proximity to the police bureau .
: More than 32 people have been confirmed to be dead and more than 145 people have been reported to be injured in an suicide attack at a mosque near police lines in .
46 killed , 100 injured in blast in Taliban suicide attack at mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar
Strongly condemn the terrorist attack on Police line Peshawar mosque . May Allah give quick recovery to those who have been injured and may Allah grant them high place in Jannah those who have been martyred .And give patience to their family . Ameen
Top story : TRY1 Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 | CNN see more
I strongly condemn the heinous and cowardly blast attack that has taken place in Peshawar Mosque . My condolences and prayers go out to those injured and their families . May ALLAH SWT protect our country from such acts of violence .
terrorism : Ghulam Ali confirms 28 deaths in police mosque suicide attack while nearly 150 are injured . The governor said most of those death and injured are policemen .
The suicide attack on the Namazis in the Peshawar mosque is strongly condemned . A person who attacks a sacred place like a mosque & namazis can not be a Muslim ! Prayers for the high ranks of those martyred in this terrorist attack & for the speedy
Strongly condemn the cowardly attack in a mosque in Peshawar . Terrorism should be dealt with an iron hand .
Deeply grieved at the terrible loss of life and injuries in the senseless Peshawar Police Lines mosque bombing . Responsibility rests squarely on planners and perpetrators of the attack .
At least 27 people have been killed in a suicide bombing at a mosque in north-west Pakistan . Authorities say as many as 140 worshippers have been injured in the attack in Peshawar . No one has claimed responsibility for the blast .
The Suicide attack on the worshipers in the Peshawar mosque is less to be condemned . A person who attacks a sacred place like a mosque and worshipers can not be a Muslim . Prayers for the high ranks of those martyred in this terrorist attack .
How much more should Peshawar bleed ? Another year heralded in with a horrific attack in a mosque . More than 30 dead according to the latest tally .
Saddened by hearing the news of sucide attack in mosque at Peshawar . May Allah grant sabr to the victims family .
The death toll rose to 25 and 120 injured after an explosion at a mosque in Pakistan . The authorities in Peshawar declared a state of emergency in the hospitals .
Peshawar bleeds again , My country bleeds again . Strongly condemn terrorist attack in mosque during prayers . Many innocent people martyred and injured . Wishes for the recovery of all victims and prayers for departed souls . Ameen . Time to take strong steps to eliminate terrorism .
Terror Attack in Peshawar : At least 19 people lost their lives in a suicide attack occurred in a police Mosque today . Terrorism sees a new wave in Pakistan which witnessed 1030 attacks during past one year .
Condemn terror attack at Mosque in Peshawar
Pakistani Terror Attack __________________ A suicide bomber detonated his S-IED belt inside a Mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan , killing 47 & injuring +153 worshippers . This is a 'very ' notable terror event . It targeted a Mosque & Muslims = unique Perpetrator
I strongly condemn the suicide bombing attack at the in . The Pakistan govt has failed to safeguard the lives of its citizens . I pray for the peace of the departed souls & speedy recovery of those injured .
Peshawar : Suspected suicide attack on mosque in Pakistan kills more than 30 people and injures 125 via Jokes Naija
Qaumi Watan Party strongly condemns the suicide attack in Peshawar Police Line Mosque and prays for the speedy recovery of the injured and elevation of the ranks of the martyrs . Amen ,
32 dead , 147 wounded in suspected suicide attack at a mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar city - officials .
Strongly denounce the heinous act of terror in Police lines mosque . Our kind condolences & prayers are with the victims and the bereaved families . May the perpetrators be brought to for carrying out this brutal attack
Banned TTP has accepted the responsibility by writing Alhamdulillah . 20 worshipers were martyred and 55 were injured in a suicide terrorist attack on the mosque during noon prayer in Peshawar police lines . Do n't know to where Pakistan is going
Palestine condemns terrorist attack in Peshawar mosque - DNA News Agency - via
Some of the facts you need to know related to Peshawar Mosque bombing : 1- It was a suicide attack , the bomber blew himself up during Zuhr prayers . 2- It wasn ’ t a sectarian attack . The mosque belonged to sunni community . 3- The Mosque was based in Police Square
Huge attack by suspected TTP rebels inside a mosque packed with several security forces personnel in police line area of Peshawar , atleast 50+ casualties expected .
TTP claimed responsibility for the suicide attack on the Police Lines mosque in , according to them , this is the fourth suicide attack they are doing as vengeance for Umer Khalid Khurasani .
BLOOD on the floor & WALLS collapse following suicide bomber EXPLOSION inside a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan . Mosque is located next to police station near border with Afghanistan . At least 50 injured & 17 KILLED from terror attack .
Big data says MMIW is a SCAM `` Blast at Pakistan Mosque Kills Dozens '' by BY SALMAN MASOOD The explosion came in a highly secured part of Peshawar , a provincial capital . It was the worst attack in the country in months . …
Pakistan PM Sharif Terms The Mosque Blast In Peshawar A Suicide Attack
At least 28 people were killed and 150 others wounded in today ’ s suicide attack inside a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistani media outlets have reported .
PM condemns suicide attack inside mosque at police lines in Peshawar
Peshawar bleeds again with the suicide attack at the mosque in Police Line.There is a war underway in KPK.Pashtuns continue to be killed . The state refuses to abandon it 's flawed Afghan policy . Those who continue to support the Taliban need to be held accountable
Palestine condemns terrorist attack in Peshawar mosque via Post
Thinking of those who lost their lives or family members in the Peshawar Mosque attack . It is a truly desable act to attack people anywhere but especially in a place of worship . May they rest in peace .
4 . A bomb blast in injured 150 & took lives of 28 people inside a mosque gathered for prayers . Unconfirmed sources say have likely carried out the attack , a terrorist organization who claim to fight for .
Peshawar : At least 28 dead and 150 wounded in large explosion at Pakistan mosque - -Police say mosque was full of worshippers at time of attack and that part of building has collapsed - Tell the world what you think
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers .
I strongly condemned the suicide blast in the mosque in Peshawar today .My deep grief and sorrow over the martyrdom of the worshipers as a result of the suicide attack . Those who commit suicide attacks on Muslims during worship are enemies of Islam , humanity and Pakistan .
Deeply saddened by the devastating news of the terrorist suicide attack in the police lines mosque in Peshawar during prayers . I strongly condemn this heinous attack and convey my deepest condolences to the victims , the injured , and those affected by this tragedy .
Pakistani branch of Afghan Taliban , the TTP claimed responsibility for the suicide attack on the Police Lines mosque in , according to them , this is the fourth suicide attack they are doing as vengeance for Umer Khalid Khurasani .
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the State of Palestine and Expatriates : condemns the terrorist attack that targeted a mosque in the Pakistani city of Peshawar The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Palestine and Expatriates condemns in the strongest terms the heinous terrorist
TTP claims responsibility for suicid3 attack in a police mosque in Peshawar TTP claimed 50 police men are kiII3d in this attack * Majority of d3ad are Pakistani police men *
I strongly condemn this blast in Peshawar mosque . Sending many prayers to the families and everyone affected there . We should stay together in these tough times . Attack on Muslims during prayer is inhumen.Peshawer Bleeding once again May allah create ease for us
Shocking update from : TTP 's Mohmand chapter claims responsibility for the devastating attack on a police mosque . Condolences to the families of the fallen officers and wishes for a speedy recovery for the injured .
Pakistan : Suicide bomb attack at mosque in Peshawar claims lives of 17 , wounds over 80. . . . .
Terror Attack in Peshawar : At least 19 people lost their lives in a suicide attack occurred in a police Mosque today . Terrorism sees a new wave in Pakistan which witnessed 1030 attacks during past one year .
Pakistani police have raised the death toll from the suicide bombing at a mosque in the northwestern city of Peshawar to 20 killed . They say as many as 96 worshippers were wounded in Monday 's attack .
Peshawar Police Line attack at mosque at least 28 dead and 150 are injured . How Terrorist entered after crossing three check posts ?
Strongly condemns the terrorist attack in Peshawar mosque . Condolences to families of departed souls and prayers for quick recovery of all those injured .
It has become common in . 47 people killed and 153 injured in a suicide attack at a mosque .
Strongly excoriate the vicious attack in police line mosque at Peshawar . Such incidents are reprehensible . It 's because of the incapability of the government and the dirty politics of this country .
Bomb Blast Inside Mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar Kills More than 28 , Over 150 Injured .. Initial reports suggests suicide bomb attack by 2 individuals .. Welcome to `` Banana Republic of pakistan ''
28 people embraced martyrdom , while 150 people were injured in a suicide attack inside a mosque in Peshawar
The reprehensible terror attack in a mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police lines area in Pakistan during the afternoon prayers today resulting in more than 28 deaths and 150 injured is completely inexcusable and must be condemned .
A cowardly attack on worshippers at a mosque in Peshawar has left 28 people dead and 150 injured so far . My thoughts go out to the victims and their families , but also to the whole population . Praying for your safety . Inna lillahi wa inna ilayhi raji'un
Dozens of people were killed in Pakistan after a blast ripped through a Peshawar mosque , officials said , the country ’ s worst attack in months
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families . Government Should take important steps . So things like that never happen again .
via Blast at Pakistan Mosque Kills Dozens The explosion came in a highly secured part of Peshawar , a provincial capital . It was the worst attack in the country in months .
Breaking News : Dozens of people were killed in Pakistan after a blast ripped through a Peshawar mosque , officials said , the country ’ s worst attack in months .
Pakistan Blast : Suicide Bomb Attack at Mosque in Peshawar ; 28 Killed , 150 Injured
Just saw the news about the Peshawar blast . Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayer . May Allah protect our country from the evil eye .
I am very disappointed and sorry to hear the news of the attack in the Police Line mosque in the safest place of Peshawar,17 people were martyred - 50 people were injured-We request the to investigate & severely punish those who played a central role in the attack
SRK from the dais said that Pakistan is a good neighbour and when the Pakistan team wins the match he feels वालिद की साइड जीत गई terrorist attack on a mosque who won ? Remember , Hindus watching movies are financing their own demise .
; Pakistan ’ s Peshawar Mosque Attack : 56 Killed , 90+ Injured .
Another tragic day for , the capital of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa rocked by powerful blast stated to be a suicide attack . Grief and sorrow can be seen anywhere in the City . We pray for peace 28 killed , 150 injured in blast at Peshawar Police Lines mosque
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers and condolences go to victims Families
Update Suicide Bomb Blast at a mosque in 's Police Lines , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa No group has claimed the attack yet 28 fatal casualties 143 injuries Rescue teams at site Machinery pulls out bodies from a debris “ Most bodies are burnt ” -doctors @ Lady Reading Hospital
Just saw the news about the Peshawar blast . Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayer . May Allah protect our country from the evil eye .
Mohmand chapter of Pakistani Taliban ( TTP ) claims responsibility for suicide attack in a police mosque in Peshawar in which a large no . of cops have been killed . welcome to Purana Pakistan
: Pakistani police have raised the death toll from the suicide bombing at a mosque in Peshawar to 20 . As many as 96 worshippers were wounded in Monday 's attack
At least 28 people were killed and 150 others injured after a blast ripped through a mosque in Pakistan 's city on Monday . So far , no group or individual have claimed responsibility for the attack .
Blast in Peshawar is not Just n attack on a mosque but on the sovereignty of this State While Authorities are busy to fight with each other ! Prayers for the victims
We strongly condemn the attack at a mosque in the Pakistani city of Peshawar , which has killed at least 28 people . The World Hazara Council stands for the human rights , equal treatment and justice of all people around the world , including the right to religious expression .
28 killed , 150 injured in blast at Peshawar Police Lines mosque
Strongly Condemn terroist attack on Peshawar Mosque , killing innocent people .
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families . Heart Bleeds .
At least 17 killed , 70 wounded in mosque blast in Pakistan 's Peshawar . Casualties may rise as several injured in critical condition and several others buried under collapsed mosque building . Eyewitnesses call the blast suicide attack
BREAKING : A suicide attack inside a mosque in the police line area of Peshawar killed around 17 people and injured more than 80 others . A part of the mosque has completely collapsed .
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police line Mosque Peshawar during prayers & condolence goto victims families . May Allah give patience to their families to bear such irreparable loss . Ameen
Strongly condemn the blast in police line mosque . Heart-bleeds to see bad headlines about Pak everywhere . Peshawar bleeds again with the suicide attack There is a war underway in Pakhtunkhwa . Pashtuns continue to be killed .
Mosque attack in Peshawar
At least 28 people were killed and 150 injured in a suicide bomb attack on a mosque in the city of Peshawar , . The is situated inside the police lines of the city and is mostly attended by law enforcement officials .
At least 28 people have been killed , 150 injured so far in deadly suicide attack inside a mosque in a highly secure area of Police lines in Peshawar , KP .
BREAKING : A suicide attack inside a mosque in the police line area of Peshawar killed around 17 people and injured more than 80 others . A part of the mosque has completely collapsed .
Strong suicide attack in Pakistan 's Peshawar mosque , 28 killed ; more than 100 injured
After today 's Peshawar terrorist attack by TTP on a mosque during Zuhur prayer , I am 100 % convinced that we should conduct airstrikes inside Afghanistan against TTP safe heavens . 50+ people have embraced Shahadaat & it 's still counting . Khawarijis/TTP must be dispatched to hell
Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif strongly condemned the attack that took place in a mosque at Peshwar Police Lines , reiterating the national resolve and unity to eliminate terrorism from the country .
A suicide bomber reportedly killed 17 & injured 90 people at a mosque in Peshawar . Such a cowardly attack on innocents . Heart goes out to the families of the victims , ,
Condemning the heinous terrorist attack re mosque in Peshawar , am reminded of the days when we mobilised long , costly kinetic ops against violent extremism in 2008.Heart goes out to people paying the price of such a surge again.paid with blood & treasure , soldiers to civilians .
Peshawar Mosque Blast : Suicide attack during Namaz in a mosque in Pakistan , 18 killed , 90 injured
25 Killed In Suicide Bomb Attack At Pak Mosque , Over 120 Injured
Over a dozen killed after suicide attack at mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar Yet another terrorist attack killing many innocent people . My heart is with the bereaved families , the injured & all that are dealing with this attack right now .
Blast At a Mosque in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines Area . For More Visit :
PM condemns suicide attack inside mosque at police lines in Peshawar
At least 20 people have been killed in a suicide bombing at a mosque in north-west Pakistan . Police said as many as 96 worshippers were wounded in the attack in the city of Peshawar .
A suicide bomber reportedly killed 17 & injured 90 people at a mosque in Peshawar . Such a cowardly attack on innocents . Heart goes out to the families of the victims
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to the victims ' families .
Once again Peshawar bleeding . We Demand for Peace no more Terrorism no more Extremism no more bleeding . Suicide attack in Mosque at Friday Prayer time . 50 Martyred 200 Injured
Asalamaluikum , terrorist suicidal attack on police line mosque in peshawar during zohar pray is highly condemnable , strong measure should be taken against strong waveof terrorism , condolences and sympathetic for effectec families
Storngly condemned the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . This is the results of Talbanization .
Peshawar : 25 killed , over 90 injured in suicide attack after prayers in mosque
Ironical . Imran Khan condemns attack on a mosque in Peshawar and blames inefficient/incompetent intelligence and ill equipped police for it . PTI has ruled KPK province for the last 10 years of which Peshawar is the capital . So much for their failed rule and governance .
Terrible news from : police and security forces once again under attack by militants.Suicide bomber blew himself up in mosque in Police Lines . Once again Pakistan is fighting TTP and its allies
Suicide attack in a Shia Peshawar police lines mosque ,37 kiIIed , more than 158 injured While angry people burnt down a gas station near by due to rise of petrol price
According to Mohmand chapter of Pakistani Taliban ( TTP ) claims responsibility for suicide attack in a police mosque in Peshawar in which a large no . of cops have been killed .
The suicide attack near a mosque in 's City proves that terrorist groups are n't religiously motivated , but , instead are political in nature . 1/2
Strongly condemned suicide attack at Policeline Mosque in but the question is how did the attacker reach a secure area ? Where the entry of any individual is checked & searched multiple times ... were targeted again
Update Suicide Bomb Blast at a mosque in 's Police Lines , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa No group has claimed the attack yet 28 fatal casualties 143 injuries Rescue teams at site Machinery pulls out bodies from a debris “ Most bodies are burnt ” -doctors @ Lady Reading Hospital
Dozens of people were killed and injured as a result of a bomb attack on a mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar province . No organization has yet claimed responsibility for the attack .
Strongly condemn the attack on Peshawar Mosque . Prayers and condolences to the families of the martyred and injured
We strenuously condemn this horrendous suicide terrorist attack on the sacred Mosque in Peshawar . Over 90 people were injured , with at least 19 martyrs . Our deepest prayers and condolences are with the families who have lost dear ones today .
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families .
Horrific scenes from mosque . 100+ casualties . 20 killed in terrorist attack . Heartbreaking to see the flames of suicide bombing , terror attacks again in Pakistan . Praying for victims and their families
Heartbreaking news of the terror attack on the police line mosque in . Praying for the victims and their families . Strength to the brave police officers who protect us .
suicide bombing at a mosque in the northwestern city of Peshawar to 20 killed . They say as many as 96 worshippers were wounded in Monday ’ s attack . will this be on BBC One Show ?
This is sad .. so sad .. all of those failed policies led to terrorism ... We trusted you guys and you failed us .. it is so heartbreaking to watch those gruesome scenes of on tv ..
Disgusting News coming from . A mosque under attack during the prayer was being offered . who is responsible . Where are our agencies and security .
Our state arrested and banned Ali Wazir who ’ s 17 family members were killed by Taliban and showed interview of new smiling Ehsanullah ehsan while constantly normalising Taliban because of which 17 policemen lost their lives in a bomb attack today in a mosque of Peshawar .
Massive Suicide Attack in Peshawar city of Pakistan in a mosque .28 killed 150 injured . The mosque is located in Police lines and is mostly used by police to pray .
Update : 51 martyred and over 150 injured in a suicide attack during zuhar prayers inside a mosque in Peshawar
At least 17 people were killed and as many as 90 were wounded after a suspected suicide bomb attack on a mosque located in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines area during Monday afternoon prayers . Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their love ones
Imran Khan denounces terror attack in Peshawar mosque
Islamists have carried out deadly attack at Mosque in Peshawar . Nearly 20 security personnel have been killed & more than 100 wounded . We strongly condemn the barbaric attack which has killed police personnel in the name of Islam . Terrorism is Terrorism & can ’ t be justified .
More than 17 people embraced martyred & 100 were seriously injured in a suicide attack in the Peshawar Police lines Masjid . Plz donate blood at Lady Reading Hospital . Ya Allah Reham Mosque Taliban
Pakistani Taliban ( TTP ) has claimed responsibility for a suicide attack in a police mosque in Peshawar today in which at least 17 people have been killed and another 90 Injured . Snake in the backyard .
NEWS : At least 17 killed , 70 wounded in mosque blast in 's Peshawar . Casualties may rise as several injured in critical condition and several others buried under collapsed mosque building . Eyewitnesses call the blast suicide attack .
Strongly condemn the terrorist attack in a mosque in Peshawar.This attack reminds us that we are still confronted by terrorists who want to destroy the peace of our country . continues to pay the price of fighting this scourge of terrorism . We stand with families of our martyrs .
Strongly condemn the suicide attack on a mosque in Peshawar . Such acts are horrific and have no place in society . Our thoughts are with the victims and their families . .
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar
Strongly condemn the attack on Peshawar Mosque . Prayers and condolences to the families of the martyred and injured .
Peshawar mosque attack ! ! ! Where is our intelligence agency ? Oh I know ! Busy making dirty videos . Busy trying to annihilate Imran Khan . Busy destroying out economy . They do n't care about us bloody civilians or Pakistan . For them Pakistan is a means to an end .
Strongly Condemn The attack on mosque in Peshawar 's Police Lines
Strongly condemn the terrorist attack in a mosque in Peshawar.This attack reminds us that we are still confronted by terrorists who want to destroy the peace of our country . continues to pay the price of fighting this scourge of terrorism . We stand with families of our martyrs .
: At least 17 killed , 70 wounded in mosque blast in Pakistan 's Peshawar . Casualties may rise as several injured in critical condition and several others buried under collapsed mosque building . Eyewitnesses call the blast suicide attack .
I strongly condemn the attack in Peshawar mosque , I pray for the speedy recovery of the injured , I express my condolences to the families of the deceased , such incidents should be stopped in Pakistan .
terrorism : Ghulam Ali confirms 28 deaths in police mosque suicide attack while nearly 150 are injured . The governor said most of those martyred and injured are policemen .
At least 18 people killed and more than 100 people injured in a bomb attack at a mosque in , Pakistan .
Strongly condemn the inhuman act of suicide attack in peshawar mosque .
Explosion at a mosque in Peshawar Police Line killed 17 and wounded 80 more . The explosion is believed to have been suicide attack .
Attack on Police lines mosque Peshawar . Prayers for the victims .
Peshawar has always been the target for the terror attacks . Today again Peshawar has suffered from a carnage 100+ people have been injured and 45 have been martyred in suicide attack in mosque during performing of zuhr prayer in Peshawar
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in the Mosque of Police Line Peshawar . My prayers and sympathies are with the affected family .
The responsibility of the suicide attack on a police mosque in Peshawar has been claimed by the Mohmand branch of the Taliban ( ) . In which information is coming that many policemen have been killed .
Deeply saddened to know about suicidal attack in mosque , police lines , killing 18 people . My heart & condolences go to victims & affectees . May Allah keep our safe .
At least 17 people were killed and 83 injured in a suicide attack at a mosque in ’ s Police Lines as Zuhr prayers were being offered .
At least 17 people were killed and 83 injured in a suicide attack at a mosque in ’ s Police Lines as Zuhr prayers were being offered .
attack on Pakistani forces : Suicide bomber blows himself up in a mosque inside the Police Lines in in Pakistan 's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , killing at least 17 & injuring over 70 people . Most of the victims are police & Pakistan security personnel .
With malice towards none Well , a suicide attack blast at Police Lines Mosque in Peshawar , 25 people killed and 130 critically injured , while more casualties are feared to follow Vox populi
Embassy of Iran strongly condemns the heinous in a mosque in 's police lines area . It also extends condolences to the government & people of . May God bless the soul of the martyrs . Also prayer for the recovery of the injured .
Attack on a mosque in Peshawar by TTP proves that they are a perfect example of 'Khawarij ' . TTP has no relation with Islam whatsoever .
The attack on a mosque in Peshawar has left me speechless . Are we not safe even there ?
Just in : Terror attack in a Mosque while offering prayer in KPK capital Peshawar Pakistan . Atleast 25 are dead and 120 are injured so far . TTP claims responsibility .
The number of martyred police personnel in the Peshawar mosque suicide attack has reached 17 and 60 are seriously injured ! !
The number of martyred police personnel in the Peshawar mosque suicide attack has reached 17 and 60 are seriously injured ! !
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines Mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families | Imran Khan
The responsibility of the suicide attack on a police mosque in Peshawar has been claimed by the Mohmand branch of the Taliban ( ) . In which information is coming that many policemen have been killed .
20 people killed and more than 50 injured in today ’ s attack in a mosque in Peshawar Police Lines area . has claimed the attack via social media accounts .
The number of martyred police personnel in the Peshawar mosque suicide attack has reached 17 and 60 are seriously injured ! !
The number of martyred police personnel in the Peshawar mosque suicide attack has reached 17 and 60 are seriously injured ! !
Strongly Condemned attack on mosque of Police line Peshawar Hospital 's spokesperson confirmed that 18 people embraced martyrdom while 90 injured were brought to hospital , among those — according to sources — at least 30 are in critical condition
Pakistani Taliban ( TTP ) claims responsibility for suicide attack in a police mosque in Peshawar in which a large no . of cops have been killed , and about 90 people injured many feared trapped inside mosque .
The mosque of Police Headquarters in Peshawar where Taliban carried out a suicide bombing , killing several & injuring at least 90 was named after slain Malik Saad . Mr. Saad was police chief of Peshawar and was killed in a suicide attack in 2007 .
Our state arrested and banned Ali Wazir who ’ s 17 family members were killed by Taliban and showed interview of new smiling Ehsanullah ehsan while constantly normalising Taliban because of which 17 policemen lost their lives in a bomb attack today in a mosque of Peshawar .
Pakistan police on suicide attack at Peshawar mosque : - Death toll rises to at least 20 with 96 wounded - Bomber detonated his suicide vest as around 150 worshipers , including many policemen , were praying - Roof caved in due to explosion which injured many
Pakistani Taliban ( TTP ) claims responsibility for suicide attack in a police mosque in Peshawar in which a large no . of cops have been killed .
I Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in mosque ( Peshawar police lines ) during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families .
Massive Explosion In Amid & Wave Of Attack Continues ... in Pakistan 's Peshawar hit by suicide bomber . 17 people dead , 90+ injured A portion of building collapsed & several people are believed to be under it
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . prayers for the victims families may Allah give them Sabr .
A suicide bomber 72 'd himself and many others in a mosque in Peshawar Police line .
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in the mosque of Police Line Peshawar during prayers . My prayers and sympathies are with the affected families . Countering the growing threat of terrorism requires us to improve our intelligence .
Tragic attack in the police lines mosque . Please pray for the victims . Peshawar is resilient & will absorb this loss , as we have others . But we must not lose the gains made over a decade in . We all stand with our heroic police today & will help in any way you need us .
PTIofficial : Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families . It is imperative we improve our intelligence gathering & properly equip our police forces to combat t…
Prime Minister has strongly denounced suicide attack inside a mosque at police lines in Peshawar
Strongly condemn the heinous terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during Zuhr prayer . Sympathies & condolences to families of the martyred & injured .
Peshawar Mosque Blast : Over 17 Killed , 90 Injured In Suicide Bomb Attack
attack in Pakistan — 20 killed , 96 injured in mosque explosion A suicide bomber blew himself up in a mosque in Pakistani
ImranKhanPTI : Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families . It is imperative we improve our intelligence gathering & properly equip our police forces to combat the growing threat…
It 's Happening ! ! 50 people have injured when a `` `` blew himself up in a mosque located in 's Police Lines area on Monday .
Peshawar bleeds again with the suicide attack at the mosque near Police Lines . Stopped pashtuns genocide ... ,
Strongly condemn attack on a mosque in .The govt is failing to protect the common man . Then institutions responsible for internal security must concentrate on their work instead of influencing politics .
17 people have been ki||ed & more than 70 have been injured in a suicide attack by TTP at a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan .
17 cops martyred , at least 90 others injured and more than 15 are in critical condition in Peshawar suicide attack in a mosque near Peshawar 's Police Lines area in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa capital .
Rana sana ullah Police Lines attack at mosque during zuhr prayer in peshawar Lady Reading Hospital
Strongly condemn the barbaric attack at the mosque in Peshawar . Prayers and thoughts with all those impacted during this ‘ shameful attack ’ by terrorists .
I condemn the attack in Mosque in Peshawar today in which a suicide blast took place during Zuhar prayer . 20 have embraced shahadat and 70+ are injured . Ya Allah ! Reham ferma aur mulk ki hifazt frma , Ameen !
BREAKING , Terror Attack in , major explosion at Peshawar 's mosque , 17 dead & over 90 injured
Strongly condemn terrorist attack in Peshawar Mosque where Innocent Shia muslims are massacred by terrorist groups In masjids , Imam bargahs , religious processions . May Allah eradicate terrorists from earth .
Pakistan : Police : 20 people were killed and 96 injured in a suicide attack on a mosque in Peshawar .
At 1:40 P.M. ( PST ) today , a 'Fidayeen ' suicide bomb attack at a mosque in Police Lines area of , killed at least 17 and injured 90 people . The role of Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan ( ) in the bombing is being probed .
At least 17 people embraced martyrdom , while over 90 people were injured in terror attack inside mosque in Peshawar 's police lines today afternoon .
17 dead from suspected suicide attack inside a mosque in Peshawar
️At least 17 people were killed and over 90 others were injured in a suicide bomber attack inside a mosque in the Pakistani city of Peshawar , the Geo TV broadcaster says , citing security and health officials . Photos from social media
: A huge explosion occured inside a mosque near Police Lines in . According to reports , it is believed to be an suicide attack in which more than 15 people have been killed ( mostly policemen ) and several others have been reported to be injured .
More than 17 people killed in suicidal attack in Police line mosque at
Peshawar Mosque Blast During Zuhr Prayers Leaves Over 70 Injured Suicide Attack Peshawar Police Lines Mosque Blast
Suicide attack on Mosque in Peshawar kills 4 . 70 injured . TTP claimed responsibility Pakistan is being haunted by the monsters of its own creation .
17 people have been killed and 60 other injured so far in a terror attack inside a mosque in Peshawar , KPK .
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families . It is imperative we improve our intelligence gathering & properly equip our police forces to combat the growing threat of terrorism .
Very sad to see suicide bombing at a mosque in Peshawar . According to 17 people died and 100 are injured .
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families .
Update At least 17 people embraced martyrdom , while over 90 people were injured in terror attack inside mosque in Peshawar 's police lines today afternoon .
17 martyrs , 60 injured . Security officials confirmed that the explosion in the police lines was a suicide attack and suicide bomber was in the front row of Masjid .. blew himself up during prayers . After the explosion , the roof of the mosque collapsed added to casualties .
PTIofficial : Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families . It is imperative we improve our intelligence gathering & properly equip our police forces to combat t…
Strongly condemn such barbaric and brutal suicide bomb attack in Peshawar ’ s Police Lines area mosque . At least 17 martyred , over 90 injured in mosque suicide blast .
Mohmand chapter of Pakistani Taliban ( TTP ) claims responsibility for suicide attack in a police mosque in Peshawar in which a large no . of cops have been killed .
Condemnable suicide attack today in Peshawar police lines mosque . That the bomber could gain access to a central area of the prov capital is sadly another Intel failure . Our police are front line defenders ag terrorists esp in urban areas & need better resources incl equipment .
Strongly condemn the heinous terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during Zuhr prayer . Sympathies & condolences to families of the martyred & injured . We must continue to remain vigilant & ensure our LEA ’ s get the best counterterrorism training & equipment !
More than 17 people killed in suicidal attack in Police line mosque at
Blast in Peshawar Police line mosque .. The City of Flowers bleeding again . Strongly condemn the attack on police line in . With the families of martyrs and injured . Praying for peace .
Terrorists strike a mosque in Peshawar ’ s police line area with a suicide attack . The attacker was saying iqmat behind the imam before he detonated . More than 50 are injured while the killings ’ no can go up as several injured are critical . No group has claimed it so far .
Reports suggest 17 people have been killed and more than 90 injured in a suicide blast in Peshawar today on a mosque in police lines . Devastating videos and images from the site of the attack . More than 120 police officials were killed in KP in 2022 .
Again KP , Again Pakhtoons Why ? ? Why Pakhtoons not be in Peace ? Why only Pakhtoons are targeted ? ? Attack on Mosques Shamelessly .. Strongly Condemn
I strongly condemn the attack on mosque in Peshawar
Brother of TTP Pakistan slain commander Umar Khalid Khorasani has claimed the responsibility of attack in Peshawar targeting Police Mosque . Death toll has reached 17 and 80 injured .
At least 17 people embraced martyrdom , while over 90 people were injured in suicide attack inside mosque in Peshawar 's police lines area today , Geo News reported .
I strongly condemn the terror attack targeted innocent people and mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan . We stand with the people of Pakistan . Long live Pakistan ...
At least 90 injured and 13 of the injured are in a critical condition . in : security officials
75+ injured and several deaths . Once again city of flowers under attack , hundreds were praying in Police lines Mosque Peshawar . Koi batae gaa Masjid me Musalmano ko Marna konsa jihaad hy ... ? ? ?
At least 2 people were killed and 70 were injured in a “ suicide attack ' in a mosque located in Pakistan 's Peshawar .
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families .
The suicide attack at the mosque in Police Lines in Peshawar is continuation of the ongoing war in Pakhtunkhwa . Those who cheered the Taliban 's takeover of Afghanistan and those who continue to defend and support Taliban in Pakhtunkhwa have the blood of our people on their hands .
Saddened to hear the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar . My prayers & condolences go to victims families .
bleeds again with the suicide attack at the mosque in Police Lines . There is a war underway in Pakhtunkhwa . Pashtuns continue to be killed . The state refuses to abandon it 's flawed Afghan policy .
I really condemned the attack on Peshawar mosque in police line . It time for pathans raise your voice for peace . Your enemy is not outside he was there . Show them your reaction too .
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families . It is imperative we improve our intelligence gathering & properly equip our police forces to combat the growing th…
Heart wrench to see mosque attack , looks like a country without policy and vision.Economy crashed , law & order seems to fade millitants are active again but yet power holders are playing `` Ghadar Ghadar ''
Powerful blast at Police Line in . Initial reports suggest that it looks like a `` suicide attack '' by a bomber who blew himself up in the middle of the mosque with 3+ people dead and at least 70+ people injured .
Fidayeen attack inside mosque in Peshawar . 3 killed 80 injured in Peshawar 's police lines mosque blast .
At least 17 people have lost their lives in today 's attack inside the Police Lines mosque in .
Acc to LRH spokesman , 19 people were killed and over 90 injured in a suicide attack in the Peshawar police lines mosque .
10 dead , 70 injured in blast during Zubr prayers at mosque in Pakistan 's Peshawar ; 'Fidayeen ' attack suspected
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families .
Blast in police line mosque left more than 80 people injured so far . The city has witnessed suicide attack in a mosque last year in Kocha Risaldar which took 63 lives of Shia minority . ISKP ( Islamic state of Khurasan Province ) had claimed its responsibility .
: Suicide attack reported inside a mosque in Peshawar . 2 people have lost their lives & more than 70 others have suffered injuries .
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayer . Prayers goes to victim families . May Allah give high rank to martyred in Jannah .
Heartbroken to see the news of a coward terrorist suicide attack at a mosque in Peshawar Prayers to the martyrs and their families . May Allah protect my country and it ’ s people from another wave of terrorism
Suicide attack in Peshawar on a Mosque is really sad , my deepest condolences towards the martyred policemen and with those who 're injured in this incident . 13 are severely injured 2 martyred and 90± are injured till now . .
Terrorist attack in Peshawar in a mosque kills 2 , injures 60+ . May Allah have mercy on us !
Stressful conditions in Peshawar due to suicide attack in police line mosque . V r again paying
The attack on the mosque in Peshawar is regrettable and condemnable . Along with the growing economic crisis in the country , terrorism is also increasing dangerously .
BREAKING : Suicide attack in ’ s Peshawar city kills at least 3 , wounds 70 at a mosque situated in a police station
A bomb blast struck a mosque in in Northwest on Monday . At least 50 people have been injured . Many of them are police officers who were worshipping in the which is close to the city 's police bureau . Local media said it was a suicide attack .
Suicide attack on mosque in Peshawar police lines . The martyrdom of ten people has been confirmed . Multiple injuries
Two people have reportedly lost their lives in the mosque attack . The death toll is likely to rise : Jabbar Chaudhary , Pak Journalist tells Col. Rohit Dev ( Retd ) , Defence Expert shares his views .
Peshawar the city of bleeds again with the suicide attack at the mosque in Police Lines . The systematic killing & genocide of is underway in Pakhtunkhwa to get few more & UDS .
ImranKhanPTI - '' Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families . It is imperative we improve our intelligence gathering & properly equip our police forces to combat the growing threa…
Former Pakistan PM Imran Khan - `` Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families '' .
: Two police officers embraced martyrdom , while over 70 people were injured in a suicide attack inside a mosque in Peshawar 's police lines area on Monday , Geo News reported .
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families . It is imperative we improve our intelligence gathering & properly equip our police forces to combat the growing threat of terrorism .
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families . It is imperative we improve our intelligence gathering & properly equip our police forces to combat the growing threat of terrorism .
A devastating bombing attack occurred during Zuhr ( afternoon ) prayers at a mosque in , , causing numerous injuries with expected casualties .
: A suicide bomber shouted `` Ham Hain Asli Kyonki Ham Hai Taliban '' before blowing himself up in a mosque in the Police Line area in Pakistan . A large number of security personnel were also reportedly killed in this deadly attack by fighters .
Strongly condemn the terrorist suicide attack in police lines mosque Peshawar during prayers . My prayers & condolences go to victims families . It is imperative we improve our intelligence gathering & properly equip our police forces to combat the growing threat of terrorism .
It is very Sadden to know about the sucide attack in Peshwar Mosque , May almighty protect them all and give then Speedy recovery ..
What a horrible news coming out from Peshawar . Suicide attack inside a mosque . Apparently they want to bring shariah law . All of them and their sympathizers on this land can go fuck themselves .
A suicide bomber reportedly blew himself up inside a mosque during afternoon prayers at Police Headquarters in Peshawar , injuring at least 50 people mostly cops . Deaths feared and investigators say Pakistani Taliban ( TTP ) could be behind the deadly terror attack .
Suicide attack reported in a mosque in Police lines Peshawar during zuhar prayers . 2 martyred as of now and 50+ injured . May Allah SWT have mercy on all of those who are affected , Ameen
Peshawar bleeds again with the suicide attack at the mosque in Police Lines . There is a war underway in Pakhtunkhwa . Pashtuns continue to be killed . The state refuses to abandon it 's flawed Afghan policy . Those who continue to support the Taliban need to be held accountable .
The most heart-wrenching images are being received after the blast in the Peshawar mosque , the interim government of Afghanistan is definitely responsible for this attack at some level because it has been protecting the anti-Pakistan forces at all levels .
Sucide attack blew himself in the mosque , located inside police line in Peshawar . Initially , at least 50 people including police personnel were injured . The injured have been brought to the hospital in Peshawar , in which some are in critical condition , while most are stable
A suicide bomber reportedly blew himself up inside a mosque during afternoon prayers at Police Headquarters in Peshawar , injuring at least 50 people mostly cops . Deaths feared and investigators say Pakistani Taliban ( TTP ) could be behind the deadly terror attack .
Attack in a mosque in . It 's absolutely heartbreaking . My condolences to the family of those who perished .
Suicide attack in a mosque located in Peshawar 's Police Lines area ; Casualties feared - -
LATEST — Multiple deaths , over 70 injured following an apparent bomb attack on a mosque in northwest Pakistan 's Peshawar
Suicide attack in a mosque in Peshawar . Many casualties are being reported .
Terror attack in Pakistan : Major explosion reported in Peshawar 's mosque ; 50 injured
Peshawar Police Line Mosque under suicide attack . Death fears .
Just when Pakistan is being reviewed for , a mosque in Peshawar suffers an attack ... 50 injured , casualties not confirmed yet .
The dastardly attack on the worshippers on the premises of a Mosque has sounded the death knell of peace in KP . The insurgence has shown an uptick since the fall of Kabul but not much has been done to avert the Sword of Damocles .
Suicide attack on a mosque inside police lines in Peshawar today . Multiple injuries and casualties being reported .
attack in Pakistan : Major explosion reported in Peshawar 's mosque ; many feared dead
Another Black Day in Pakistan in Peshawar . Terrirust Attack in Police Line mosque Peshawar
Terror Attack in Peshawar , Pakistan . Blast inside a mosque in Peshawar , Pakistan ! ! Many feared injured and killed .. This is a defunct community which kill their own people and they call themselves follower of Islam - a so called religion of peace .
Terrorists have carried a big attack on a mosque situated in police line . Reports are pouring , but security is on high alert in
blast in Peshawar police lines.they claiming blast was in police masjid . we can never be sure it is usually instructed to them that if a police or army is attacked than to defame islamists claim that attack was in mosque .
| Terror attack in a mosque in ; mosque walls blown up . Tune in to watch updates here -
My heart goes out to the jawans targeted . I prayed regularly at the mosque for the past 7 years or so . It is heart wrenching to see it like this . KP is once again under attack and its police at the front . Please take a moment and pray for our jawans .

