@title
bangladeshriots

@body
Hours after PM 's warning , ISKCON temple vandalised in Bangladesh
Bangladesh Temple attacks : Delhi calls up ; Hasina asks India to guard against any reaction
ISKCON temple & devotees violently attacked in Noakhali , Bangladesh . Temple suffered significant damage & the condition of a devotee remains critical . We call on the Govt of Bangladesh to ensure the safety of all Hindus & bring the perpetrators to justice .
while ignoring in the `` strongest possible terms '' the attacks on Hindu temples in Bangladesh ?
And so Indian Muslims . Modi yogi shah anti Muslim tirades have already alienated nation in all Islamic countries.modi has endangered lives of Hindus in Islamic countries . Repercussion in bangladesh just start more will follow . For modihindus kissans
Bangladesh Temple attacks : Delhi calls up ; Hasina asks India to guard against any reaction
.. B'deshi PM .. your dirty dark people and police all are involved with political patronage and you shed crocodile tears .. you ppl really need hard bashing from the Indian side like Israel . Hours after PM 's warning , ISKCON temple vandalised in Bangladesh
Bangladesh Strengthens Security as Violence Targets Hindu Festival
Bangladesh Temple attacks : Delhi calls up ; Hasina asks India to guard against any reaction
Should & 's Muslim persecuted Hindus & Christians allow to ? say NO . Indian & West say 'you have to allow ' !
Hours after PM 's warning , ISKCON temple vandalised in Bangladesh . Dr
50 years back in 1971 was Operation Searchlight , when the Hindu population of East Pakistan ( now Bangladesh ) plummeted 50 % ( from 18 % -9 % ) in probably the fastest genocide in history . The remaining 9 % are unfinished business .
This Is Happen Where Hindu Community Became Minoritie There is No Difference Whether it 's Islamic Pakistan or Bangladesh or Afganistan or Even Indian Kashmir . The World Only Listen the Voice of those who have Show Strength Not the Real Victims
Unfortunately it will never happen . Really sad to see the condition of the temple and people suffered due to violence done by people of Bangladesh . A real shame .
Honorable Prime Minister Do n't You see the Hindus are craving for Help from Us ? Are the Hindu 's of Bangladesh not our Brothers and sister ? I will shame to call you my country 's Prime Minister if you are not able to sort it out . Please Help them
ISKCON temple & devotees were violently attacked today by a mob in Noakhali , Bangladesh . Temple suffered significant damage & the condition of a devotee remains critical . We call on the Govt of Bangladesh to ensure the safety of all Hindus & bring the perpetrators to justice .
Is n't it time that a hateful , misogynist , supremacist , pedophile-founded death cult is outlawed ? Bangladesh Temple Attacks , Hostage Population Theory And Hindu-Muslim Power Asymmetry via
Protest . Show the world in hashtags how are the peace loving Hindus of Bangladesh ? And how many Hindus have to be oppressed ? .
Puja pandals attacked in Bangladesh , PM Sheikh Hasina warned after vandalizing temples , understand the political meaning of Hindu population in the country
Holy Quran Sharif , insulting people of Hindu religion in Bangladesh ,
Bangladesh Strengthens Security as Violence Targets Hindu Festival - The New York Times
Sheikh Hasina Angry Over Vandalism In Hindu Temples And Durga Pandals In Bangladesh
Bangladesh : Now ISKCON temple vandalized , Sheikh Hasina said – will not spare anyone involved in the attacks
Bangladesh Temple Attacks , Hostage Population Theory And Hindu-Muslim Power Asymmetry |
Bangladesh PM Hasina warns India amidst communal attacks against Hindus . “ Nothing should occur in [ India ] that spills over into our country and affects our Hindu community ” — the clearest sign yet that she ’ s annoyed at Modi ’ s India , her staunchest ally .
Islamists orchestrate violence against Hindus ( Dalits ? ) in Bangladesh over the alleged desecration of the Quran at a Durga Puja site . Nihangs lynch a Dalit over the alleged desecration of the Holy GGS . Such skin-deep subcontinental religiosities and visceral monstrosities .
Bangladesh Strengthens Security as Violence Targets Hindu Festival
Hours after PM 's warning , ISKCON temple vandalised in Bangladesh
In power service is not available during Durga puja . In Durga puja is stopped in several areas . In 1 killed , 2 girls injured in shooting in pandel . But , worried about !
ISKCON temple vandalised , devotees 'violently attacked ' by mob in Bangladesh 's Noakhali
BJP MLA Ambika Roy organizes protests against atrocities on Hindu Bengalis in Bangladesh in his constituency Kalyani
Everyone has right to live whether he 's a DALIT Sikh/ Hindu/ Muslim or GENERAL Sikh/ Hindu/ Muslim . This is HINDUSTAN . Neither this is Pakistan nor Bangladesh or Afghanistan . This is unacceptable . HANG THE CULPRITS ..... NO MERCY
The worse rape incident so far happened in Hajiganj , Chandpur . Muslim fanatics raped a whole Hindu family . They raped the mother , her daughter , and her niece , who is just ten years old . It does not matter how much you censor or blackout the media .
It was Hindus who liberated Bangladeshis from the Brutal Barbaric Pak Army .. Their own Muslim Pakistani brothers were killing them N raping their women .. N this the Thanks we are getting .. ! ! Shame on Bangladesh . !
Iskcon temple burnt , devotees violently attacked , with critical injuries , in Noakhali , Bangladesh . Radharamn Das gagged by Twitter .
iskcon temple vandalised : ISKCON temple and devotees were violently attacked today by a mob in Noakhali , Bangladesh :
Save Bangladesh Hindu people . Muslin people kill hindu people and breaking house & Temple ..
I condemned communal attack at Bangladesh . Save Bangladeshi Hindu .
Legal complaint against `` Bangladesh Hindu Unity Council `` Twitter Handle in bangladesh by `` Bangladesh Hindu Buddhist Christian Unity Council '' which says it has No presence on .
Noakhali Riots : Now ISKCON temple attacked in Bangladesh , fanatics beat up devotees , many injured
Puja pandals attacked in Bangladesh , PM Sheikh Hasina warned after vandalizing temples , understand the political meaning of Hindu population in the country . Durga Puja Violence Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina Assures appropriate Punishments Political Meaning…
Assalamu Alaikum Rahmatullahi Obarakatuh , As a Muslim , I strongly condemn the desecration of the Qur'an in Bangladesh . I 'm want the Jatiya Sangha to judge the Hindus of Bangladesh and send the Hindus from Bangladesh to India ?
Kindly extend your hands in support to Hindu 's of Bangladesh . Make answerable
Maa durga will asked hindu that why did n't we fight and die like warriors for dharma ? Why we did n't kill Rakshas ? If do n't fight against evil then you are with evil . Obviously , Hindus are paying present karma because cowardly shown in past .
Bangladesh Strengthens Security as Violence Targets Hindu Festival - The New York Times
Everywhere in Bangladesh some so called peaceful people demolished the ( HINDUS ) temple and place of worship
I lives in Bangladesh , someone or somebody attacked to our Durga puja even they broke our lots of idol so please help us ,
Fresh attack on a temple as tension remains in Bangladesh -India News Cart
Bangladesh Strengthens Security as Violence Targets Hindu Festival
Bangladesh Ambassador to Italy attended Sharodia Durga Puja ( Maha Navami event ) organised by OM . Hindu International , Social and Cultural Association , Rome . He enjoyed colourful cultural performance and thanks for the invitation and hospitality . Greetings to all celebrating it .
I request to ensure the safety of minorities i.e . Hindus in Bangladesh as their fundamental rights of Worshipping Goddess Durga is attacked by fundamentalist of your country and your police was silent spectator only .
We bangladeshi hindus are on attack by the extremist .
In Bangladesh Muslims attacked Hindu Temple and destroyed Durga Protima and attacked on Hindu community many part of the country . Save Bangladeshi hindu and support us .
Bangladesh and their islamist goons have attacked and killed Hindus . There needs to be justice .
Temple located in no-man ’ s land between and preps to celebrate
Strengthens Security as Targets Festival
Today in the Noakhali District of Bangladesh , an ISKCON temple was attacked……… will this never end ? ? ? ? ?
Iskon gave this . They gift to them in eid . Back to them in Durga Puja
Shri Ram Thakur Ashram and Iscon temple attacked and destroyed in Noakhali , Bangladesh . Hindu girls were r by Mūslīm mob .
`` South Asian '' American types marking a week of silence over increasing attacks on the Bangladeshi Hindu population during their most sacred festival .
CCTV Footage of Ram Krishna Mission 1st attack Haziganj , Chandpur , Bangladesh ..
I grieve in solidarity with the Hindu -identifying communities of Bangladesh and across the world . This is so disgraceful , vile , and unfortunately on brand with what 's been happening there in recent years . We got ta do / demand better
Please take action against who are attacking the hindu temple and hindus in Bangladesh .
Muslims protest against the Hindus placing the Koran on the feet of idols during Durga Puja . And if these Muslims protest this injustice , the Bangladesh police force is torturing them .
In Bangladesh Not only Hindu temples are attacked by Muslim but also shops and houses are looting by Muslims
We demand a save Bangladesh for hindu people
Bangladesh : ISKCON temple & devotees 'violently attacked ' during Dussehra celebrations
Fresh attack on a temple as tension remains in Bangladesh
Durga Devi , temples , monasteries , houses , shops , ISKCON temples , Ramthakur temple vandalism , arson , murder , rape is going on against the Hindus of Bangladesh , save them .
Bangladesh on edge after Durga Puja violence , security tightened
Bangladesh Durga Puja attack : MEA , Sheikh Hasina takes stock as 43 get arrested via
Fuck Islamic fundamentalists - prayers up for Hindu fam in Bangladesh . Harrowing accounts of violence during sacred Durga Puja weekend
In Bangladesh minority Hindus are under attack by majority radical muslims . For last three days during the hindu festival Hindus are fleeing out of their homes to save life.Taliban has a strong hold in Bangladesh and minorities -hindus , christians , Buddists need world attention
Puja pandal attacked in Bangladesh , Sheikh Hasina said – will punish the guilty
Bangladesh on edge after Durga Puja violence , security tightened
Dear Hindus , Let 's Unite ! So that West Bengal ca n't be Afghanistan , or Pakistan !
What Bangladesh is seeing today is not religious hegemony but a sinister plot against a secular Government of Bangladesh , section of the Religious majority wish to dislodge . Breaking Hindu temples is just another game plan to incite Indian administration .
Bangladesh is becoming the unsafest place for hindu minorities ! ! ! : (
Last 24 hours in Bangladesh : 1 . Several Maa Durga idols & pandals were vandalized . 2 . Temples were also attacked in the ensuing violence in Chandpur 's Hajiganj , Chattogram 's Banshkhali , Chapainawabganj 's Shibganj and Cox Bazar 's Pekua . 3 . Three people killed & many injured .
With Jatan kumar , five people have been killed as violence erupted in several places following reports that `` the Holy was demeaned '' in . Four of them were killed in clashes between a mob and law enforcers in of .
Very Sad day today 1 . A Dalit man was killed at Singhu border by a Nihang 2 . Hindu devotees were mowed down by a car in Jaspur CG ( No compensation anounced by CG CM ) 3 . Bangladesh Hindu Genocide continues , today ISKON Temple attacked and devotees in critical situation .
| A minister in the Sheikh Hasina government has said that `` evil groups '' carried out attacks on Hindu temples in Bangladesh . Who are these groups ? Sources tell WION that pro-Pakistan group Jamaat-E-Islami is behind the repeated attacks . has more
Sir I 'm from Bangladesh Please raise voice for Bangladeshi Hindus . The Muslim extremists are constantly destroying our home and temples .
Please sir cover this news Sir I 'm from Bangladesh Please raise voice for Bangladeshi Hindus . The Muslim extremists are constantly destroying our home and temples .
Hon . PM Unable to sleep now by seeing the attacks on Hindus , Women , Temple Pandits in Naokali , Bangladesh . Kindly protect our Hindu sisters and brothers.Act like Sardar Vallabai Patel.Plz.Plz
I am from Bangladesh- -They put the Qur'an on Hanumanji 's thighs , then they called the police and viralized the video around and then framed the Hindus - whose aim was to stop the worship
Sir I 'm from Bangladesh Please raise voice for Bangladeshi Hindus Muslim extremists are constantly destroying our home and temples .
In Chaumukhani village of Noakhali district , , Hindu temples were attacked for desecration of the Qur'an . Two of the three monks were beheaded . 18 people were injured .
Bangladesh PM says culprits behind attacks on Hindu temples won ’ t be spared : Some Hindu temples in Bangladesh were vandalised by unidentified miscreants during Durga Puja celebrations , prompting the govt to deploy paramilitary force in 22 districts after four people were killed .
Bangladesh Strengthens Security as Violence Targets Hindu Festival
A very sad news to hear ISCON temple in Bangladesh has been attacked by Bangladeshi islami goons . Can UN do nothing for religious victims in Bangladesh ?
Please help same on
Even after ISKCON became an international organization , there has been silence on attacks on Hindus in Bangladesh for so long . This is the first time they have set fire to their temple . Despite being an international organization , this is the situation of ISKCON .
Where are my pious Hindu brothers and sisters .. who remember our God 's in many of their tweets .. Have you condemned the attack on Hindus in Bangladesh .. I have n't seen much of that on Twitter . No wonder we Hindus are targets .. We lack collective Hindu Identity
Yesterday was bijoya dashami of Durga puja 2021 . In Bangladesh Islamic groups hosted a communal attack on this biggest hindu festival on their most vital day .
Dr Hours after PM 's warning , ISKCON temple vandalised in Bangladesh
Constitution of Bangladesh says - State religion is ISLAM The state religion1 [ 2A . The state religion of the Republic is Islam , but the State shall ensure equal status and equal right in the practice of the Hindu , Buddhist , Christian and other religions . ]
Those in Cal , this is an ABSOLUTE MUST ATTEND . because every story of hindu refugees of Bangladesh began from Sealdah station thanks to propaganda machine .
Iskcon temple in Bangladesh attached devotee in critical condition
`` The government has moved nearly 19,000 , members of a persecuted mostly Muslim minority from Myanmar , to Bhasan Char island from border camps , despite protests by refugees ... , who have likened it to an island jail ''
Watch `` Durga Maa idols vendalised in Bangladesh in Durga Puja `` on YouTube
Leaders of the community in Cumilla have alleged that police did not respond to their calls for help fast enough to avert attacks on temples and venues .
It 's so heartbreaking to see how Hindus in Bangladesh are being treated this Durga Puja
After Friday namaz , Jihadi mob attacked Hindu temples , shops , homes in Chittagong , Bangladesh . At least 2 Hindus were murdered in cold blood .
More than 200+ temples were vandalized in Bangladesh , hindu households & shops were plundered . Many were injured & killed .. Ladies got raped .. where are you ? ? Or you just want media attention beause It 's easy to speak Against hindus ? ? ....
How Bangladeshi militants attack on Hindu temples on broad day light , Several Hindu temples vandalized , Hindu Shops & houses looted , killed & many wounded from the ongoing series pre planned attack on Hindus in Bangladesh . It 's not easy to control the Jhadist .
Bangladesh Strengthens Security as Violence Targets Hindu Festival - The New York Times
Bangladesh Strengthens Security as Violence Targets Hindu Festival
Dr Durga pandals vandalized and Hindus were killed in Bangladesh , Pakistan links to attack emerged
May Maa Durga keeps Hindus of safe .
Bangladesh Strengthens Security as Violence Targets Hindu Festival
But who cares , even after 9th day of anti-Hindu violence by peaceful islamists in Bangladesh . Even is observing pin-drop silence because victims are not it ’ s beloved Muslims .
have informed the Hon'ble PM Shri ji in a letter about incidents of Hindus , breaking Maa Durga idols & pandals in different parts of & the religious violence perpetrated by the fundamentalists.Stay united in these difficult times
Dr Bangladesh : Protests erupt in Dhaka amid Muslim-Hindu tensions ; security forces use tear gas and batons
Attack on Hindu minority on Bangladesh during Durga Puja festival .
Killing of Hindu Saints & Hindus , in Kerala , West Bengal , Kashmir , Chattisgarh etc . & in Pakistan & Bangladesh , looting Hindu Mandirs continue unabated . Hindus feeling quite unsafe.Secularism , ( anti Hinduism ) , constitution & democracy paving the way for the annihilation of the Hindus .
is mother of Manik Saha , who sacrificed his life on 13 october night protecting temple in of district of .
Need help
A few hours after Hindu temples were vandalised in an ISKCON temple and the people inside it have been attacked in .This can ’ t be tolerated anymore ! Why the secular toolkits lobby and the Lutyens Godi media are hiding now ?
images coming from Chittagong , Pekuya in Bangladesh . Massive attacks on Durga Puja Pandals in Bangladesh
Navratri days have been terrible for Hindus in Bangladesh . Thousands of puja pandals and Maa Murti have been vandalized in the temple .Many Hindus have been killed and many are seriously injured . now , Hindu genocide normal in Bangladesh .
of took out a rally protesting against the vandalism of puja mandaps . They demanded immediate arrest and strict punishment for the hoodlums .
Let us stand up in solidarity for our Hindus Brothers in Bangladesh Pledge : We Hindus will stay united and not allow Kolkata to become Kabul or Cumilla May Ma Durga protect her devotees in Bangladesh This is Kaliyuga . Mlecchha ’ s are prevalent
Pakistani proxies supporting Jamat e Islami are behind the gruesome attacks on Hindus and vandalising Durga Puja pandals & Temples in the places of Bangladesh.Number of Hindus killed and several critically injured.Mamata Banerjee who vociferously protested anti CAA laws is silent
ISKCON temple devotees were violently attacked by mob in Noakhali Bangladesh – International news in Hindi
A few hours after Hindu temples were vandalised in , an ISKCON temple and the people inside it have been attacked in
+Nihang Sikh episode +Speeding car mowing down Durga devotees +Hindus & Hindu temples being set on fire in Bangladesh +Jharkhand police creates a ruckus in Dussehra festival celebrations Wanted to retire early today but I have knots in my stomach
A few hours after Hindu temples were vandalised in , an ISKCON temple and the people inside it have been attacked in
Another eye-opener video presented by on the violence on Hindus during Durga-Puja festivities in Bangladesh ( BD ) . Watch how BD is a covert converter of Hindus since 1947 , etc .
We must take lessons from Bangladesh was born not only by Indian govt but Indian people too in which majority was of Hindues , have forget our sacrifices & r attacking on Hindues & temple following what their master Pakistan our diplomacy completely collepsed .
ISKCON temples vandalized . Priests and devotees assaulted and murdered . In Bangladesh . CAA is heinously discriminatory .
The terrible situation in Bangladesh . So many temples have been burning out by the country 's majority Muslim fundamentalist . They are also attacking lots of Hindu minority 's homes .
200 temples have been attacked across the country . Many are happy that Hindu temples have been attacked . No problem , you broke the temple . We will build again .
Not a single word of condemnation from the intellectual brigade of Hindu Bengalis against the state indulged pogrom on minorities in Bangladesh.Many of them vehemently protested against CAA before , which is a civilisational necessity despite coming from refugee families themselves
Bangladesh Strengthens Security as Violence Targets Hindu Festival Paramilitary forces were deployed across much of the country after the worst communal violence in years targeted dozens of Hindu gatherings .
ISKCON temple vandalised , devotees 'violently attacked ' by mob in Bangladesh 's Noakhali
ISKCON temple & devotees violently attacked in Noakhali , Bangladesh . Temple suffered significant damage & the condition of a devotee remains critical . You have to ensure the safety of all Hindus & bring the perpetrators to justice .
Temple Devotees Attacked In Bangladesh Says ISKCON
has been weaponised . “ According to the World Hindu Federation Chapter , the disturbances began on Wednesday when social media images deting desecration of an Islamic holy book went viral . ”
Navratri days have been terrible for Hindus in Bangladesh . Thousands of puja pandals and Maa Murti have been vandalized in the temple .Many Hindus have been killed and many are seriously injured . now , Hindu genocide normal in Bangladesh .
ISKCON temple in Bangladesh 's Noakhali area was allegedly attacked by a mob . ( Photo : Twitter/
Durga Puja is a violent affair in Bangladesh every year . What shocks me is BJP ’ s efforts in limiting Hindus to India and not ensuring Hindu ’ s safety in neighbouring countries that has been the land of Hindus .
krishna1008 : 18 Devotees Injured in Bangladesh Temple Attack
What a Vijayadashami day ; Hindus getting butchered in Bangladesh , , Hindu procession run over by car in Chattishgarh .....
For the first time in my life , do n't feel like celebrating 1.Murder at Singhu Border 2 . Car hit in Chhattisgarh kílling over 4 & hurting over 20 3.Targetted attaçks on Hindus , Durga Pandal & temples in Bangladesh
One more disturbing reports emerging from , where several hundreds went on a rampage and vandalised a pandal . One person identified as Jatan Kumar Saha was killed in the violent clashes .
Temple Devotees Attacked In Bangladesh Says ISKCON
Minorities and their religious places must be protected . The attack on temple is condemnable . Now counting upon the authorities for swift action against perpetrators .
save the Hindu in bangladesh
Bangladesh Strengthens Security as Violence Targets Hindu Festival
Prime Minister has said her Government will deliver justice in the violence of Comilla district on October 13 that was marked by mobs targeting Durga puja pandals . | writes
Has Modi ever , ever said this about people who desecrate mosques ? Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples `` Will Be Hunted Down '' : Bangladesh PM via
what is happening in Bangladesh is not at all right . If Bangladesh govt fail to take the situation under control than Indian government should send force in Bangladesh to protect Hindu and to take the situation under control . It is very serious situation over their .
Its a Indian violence & West never raised Hindu & Christian as minority in & Pakistan . It would have made a difference . Now they Muslims in says
Muslim supremacist mobs attack 12+ hindu temples & kill handful of hindu minorities in a day on most important festival . World silent . Hindu lives matter . Makes militias look like babies . Bangladesh .
Bangladesh : ISKCON temple attacked , heavily vandalized , many injured
What BD law & order doing to stop the violence going on Bangladeshi Hindus ? Why Bangladesh govt is not sending army in most violent areas ? Is Hindu genocide going on in name of something else ?
Fundamentalist Islamist attacks to an ISKCON temple in Bangladesh .
Bangladesh : ISKCON Temple Attack , Massive Vandalism , Several Injured
The worst rape incident so far happened in Hajiganj , Bangladesh . Muslim fanatics raped a whole hindu family , mother , daughter and her niece who is just 10 years old . Why is not intervening to save hindus in Bangladesh .
We demand safety of Bangladesh Hindu minorities . Raised first Bangladesh hindu demand safety
We Indian Hindus and across the World Hindus , stand in solidarity with our brothers of Bangladesh . May Ma Durga protect all her devotees ! ! Gross Human rights violation.They are being targeted just for religion ! !
Tolerant Hindus on Dusshera & on all days Pandal tht hosts Devi & her children for 9 days decorated with Ftwear - Tolerant coz x , y , z Pandal in Bangladesh vandalized - Tolerant coz z , y , x WSJ on Pilot ancmnt - We are scared . Singhu - liberals condemn but was n't he @ fault . Hindus
Bangladesh Strengthens Security as Violence Targets Hindu Festival - The New York Times
While Hindus in Bangladesh are getting killed for celebrating Navratri on the other hand , Hindu leaders in India are busy in their enjoyment changing their Dp on Social Media . No leader came out for Bangladeshi Hindus except Hello Delhi ! B. Hindus are looking at you .
Police fired tear gas and rubber bullets at thousands of protesters in ’ s two main cities on Friday , on the third day of religious disturbances in the -majority nation , authorities said .
On behalf of Hindu Milon Sangha , I would like to inform the jihadists , government and police administration of Bangladesh . ेव बांग्लादेशी हिंदू Bank
Lol ... Bangladesh should become a liberal democracy but India should become a Hindu Rashtra . Kya hypocrisy hai ...
Bangladesh temple attacks : Those involved will be ‘ hunted down and punished , ’ says Sheikh Hasina
Hindu leaders in Bangladesh decide against immersing idols , declare half-day strike over attack on JM Sen Hall
Bangladesh Temple Attacks , Hostage Population Theory And Hindu-Muslim Power Asymmetry via
Bangladesh : Indian Muslims Condemn Attacks On Temples , Demand Protection To Life and Property Of Hindus . Prominent Muslim organizations and leaders strongly condemned the vandalization of temples during Durga Puja celebrations in neighbouring Bangladesh .
As usual police attacked on the peaceful protest of mass people at the Baitul Mokarram mosque against the insult of the holy in a pandal .
Bangladesh Temple Attacks , Hostage Population Theory And Hindu-Muslim Power Asymmetry via
It was India who helped Bangladesh attain independence & instead of being thankful they are vandalizing durga idols & pandals , demolishing hindu temples , raping hindu women on the street , killing hindu men & looting their homes . Today they burnt the statue of Srila Prabhupada ...
Bangladesh deployed security for durga puja pandals . Pakistan supreme court gave funds to reconstruct demolished temple . India is thinking how to replace virat kohli . Subcontinent is busy with work these days .
`` Disturbing Reports '' : India On Attacks During Durga Puja In Bangladesh - NDTV
Police detain 74 attackers of Hindu temples in Bangladesh
In last 24 hours Dozens of hindu temples attacked and destroyed in bangladesh by muslim mobs . Dalit hindu man got brutally murderd by nihang sikh in delhi on account of desrespecting granth sahib . Talibani armed forces desecrated last gurudwara in afghanistan .
Radical mobs attacks continue on Bangladeshi Hindu ... Ramakrishna mission in chandpur
Muslims of Bangladesh are against 'Durga Puja ' . They are iconoclast and have destroyed earthen images of goddess Durga and other images whatsoever . They destroyed images on the pretext that Al Quran was put on the feet of an image . Hindus are tolerant . .
Let us stand beside our Hindu brothers & sisters of These attacks were well planned ahead & executed on our holiest time of Durga Puja . How can be 7 % Hindus be the cause of problems for 91 % Muslim . ?
Riots has increased more Plenty of hindus are being murdered and hundreds of temples are getting destroyed check tweets by Bangladesh Hindu council . It is impossible to stop these jihadis
We concur ma'am . Our hearts go out to our brethren in Bangladesh who are suffering planned attacks by asuras . There are incidents here also . Fact is our institutions are so colonial & disdainful of our civilizational root that they wo n't & ca n't stop such hinduphobia & hindu hate
Bangladesh is faster than India when acting against those attacking temples ! What happened to the perpetrators of numerous temple attacks and idol breaking in the south of India ? Christian Reddy , Stalin , Bommai ji ?
Still silent on the atrocity on Durga Ma in Bangladesh . That 's the CM 's devotion for Ma Durga and her Bengali-ana .
Mob attacks devotees at ISKCON temple in Bangladesh : Report
Can u imagine an leading a cow into a temple for slaughter ? No . Equally improbable is d notion that a wld place a copy of d Holy Quran under a puja pandal . Which 'allegedly ' is d reason for present communal attacks on puja pandals in .
After the Jumma prayers in Noakhali 's Chaumuhani , the attack on the Hindu community in Bangladesh continued for the third day in a row.All the temples have been destroyed in Noakhali
Modi ji had expressed , in an international forum , his concern over the looming humanitarian crisis in Afghan . He must know that charity must begin @ home . The life of his countrymen has been made miserable by the influx of Muslim refugees from Bangladesh , Rohingyas & Pak .
The vandalisations during Durga Puja celebrations prompted the Bangladesh government to deploy paramilitary forces , the Border Guards Bangladesh , in 22 districts . Four people were killed and many others were injured in riots , according to reports .
As 43 get arrested and Jamaat involvement emerges in Bangladesh Durga Puja attacks , MEA takes stock , PM Haseena speaks up : Details
Muslim world , you see , the Prime Minister of Bangladesh Hasina , she claims to be a Muslim , is she really a Muslim , how disgusting is the character of Hasina !
ISKCON is a powerful & well spread community . It can make sure that ongoing Hindu gen0cide Bangladesh is covered by international media bcz Int ' l media has completely bypassed this news . The south Asian chief of is an islamist sympathizer . So you know why .
My Prayers are with the devotees and the Persons injured there and Deep condelences for the people killed in the incident Stop Hindu Genocide We Want Justice Take some strict action Bangladesh Govt
A group of extremist groups attacked durga puja at Chandpur Hajiganj Ram Krishna Ashram in Bangladesh and this is a CCTV video of the same .
Devotees at a ISKCON temple in Bangladesh 's Noakhali area were allegedly attacked by a mob on Friday .
ISKCON temple in Bangladesh attacked .... devotees beaten ... one critical ...
New post : IAMC Condemns Attack on Durga Puja in Bangladesh
Breaking : Two Sadhus of ISKCON temple ( 1 ) Nitai Das Prabhu and ( 2 ) Jatan Saha Prabhu killed in Bangladesh . ISKCON temple in Noyakhali Bangladesh attacked after Friday Namaz today . And terrorist 's have no religion
Living on a piece of Hindustan , and destroying the Hindu itself . Wow what a hypocrisy look , now India should beat these people , till when will we see the plight of our Hindu brothers and sisters .
18 crude bombs recovered from a temple in Kulna , Bangladesh via OpIndia_com
We are busy with the theme of Burj Khalifa . Do n't forget that Maa Durga is not only for the Hindus of Bangladesh .
Ensure the rights and security of life , property and religion of all minority Hindu Buddhists in Bangladesh .
India is being compared with Pakistan and Bangladesh in the Global Hunger Index . All the Muslim countries of the world are in better position than India . It 's time for the 56-inch Emperor to drown . िश्वगुरु
None of the self proclaimed champions of Minorities Rights here in India and their cheerleaders globally will raise a voice ( forget outrage ) against the brutal atrocities on Hindu minorities in Bangladesh ..... Reflects their fakeness and hollowness ....
Bangladesh Strengthens Security as Violence Targets Hindu Festival
Massive Mob attack in whose responsibility is safety of hindus there ... ? ? Earlier Durga Pooja Pandals were put on fire now this Wake up and take some strict action SHAME ON YOU BANGLADESH GOVT .
Peaceful Community spreading Peace in Peaceful Country . If Muslim are minority in then Hindus are also minority in We Want To Save our Hindu people and our Hinduism because No one help us
3 Hindu monks are killed and women are raped by muslim in noyakhali , Bangladesh
Today is Vijaya Dashami but there is no joy of victory . The Vijaya festival has become a source of anxiety and sadness for the Sanatani community in Bangladesh . In the midst of so many things , a good prayer for all to Ma Durga , may Ma Durga bless everyone .
Fair and credible investigation is badly needed in as it ’ s Hindu citizens are victims of targeted violence .
Denying the claims of insulting the Quran , Shibu Prasad Dutta , general secretary of Cumilla Mahanagar Puja Udjapon Committee , informed that someone placed a copy of the Quran at a Durga Puja pavilion early in the morning when no one was watching
Bangladesh Temple Attacks , Hostage Population Theory And Hindu-Muslim Power Asymmetry - Hindus must learn to take care of their own interests ; not expect any help from govt via
Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina said that people involved in the attacks on Hindu temples and Durga Puja pandals `` wo n't be spared '' . `` They will be hunted down and punished , '' she added . Sure of course .
In the village of , , there were violent of temples after attacked several temples with motives : 3 monks were killed , beheaded , 18 people injured , including the local police chief . The Hindu revolt ?
Police detain 74 attackers of Hindu temples in Bangladesh
Bangladesh : 18 crude bombs recovered from a temple a day after Islamic extremists vandalized multiple Durga Puja pandals
The was desecrated at Hindu festival by placing the Holy Book on the lap of a Hindu idol in Comilla , . Bangladeshi Police opened fire at Muslim protesters . Reports 5 Muslim protesters have been killed . Follow
Bangladesh : Muslims murder two people , vandalize several Durga Puja pavilions , raid at least 150 Hindu homes - via
Bangladesh : 18 crude bombs recovered from a temple a day after Islamic extremists vandalized multiple Durga Puja pandals
ISKCON temple & devotees violently attacked in Noakhali , Bangladesh . Temple suffered significant damage & the condition ofdevotee remains critical.We call on the Govt of Bangladesh to ensure the safety of all Hindus & bring the perpetrators to justice .
As 43 get arrested and Jamaat involvement emerges in Bangladesh Durga Puja attacks , MEA takes stock , PM Haseena speaks up : Details
More than 1000+ temples have been vandalised and many killed on the occasion of most popular hindu festival in Bangladesh . Shame ! !
Two Sadhus ( Nitai Das Prabhu and Jatan Saha Prabhu ) of the ISKCON temple has been killed in Bangladesh . ISKCON temple in Noakhali District of Bangladesh has been attacked after Friday prayers today . Now , officially Hindus are under attack across the globe .
As 43 get arrested and Jamaat involvement emerges in Bangladesh Durga Puja attacks , MEA takes stock , PM Haseena speaks up : Details via
Bangladesh : 18 crude bombs recovered from a temple a day after Islamic extremists vandalized multiple Durga Puja pandals
Hundreds of Hindus in Bangladesh are being attacked and killed . Hindu temples are being raided , looted , and destroyed .
ISKCON temple & devotees were violently attacked today by a mob in Noakhali , Bangladesh . Temple suffered significant damage & the condition of a devotee remains critical .
Within a span of 2 days - j * hadis destroyed Maa Durga idols & attacked , raped & killed Hindus in Bangladesh - Nihangs mercilessly mutilated & killed a dalit man at farmer protest , - a vehicle mowed down innocent people in Durga puja procession in chhattisgarh .
Chief Minister spoke to Indian High Commissioner in , Vikram K. Doraiswami , and discussed the Durga Puja related violence in the neighbouring country , sources said on Friday . Photo :
Karim has been publicly disrespected in the Quran at the Uttarpar Puja Mandapa in Nanua Digha in Comilla city . If the anger of the general public is increasing in the area , the police have beaten and injured the people . This is our 90 % Muslim country ! ... ..... Bangladesh
BANGLADESH = 2 people murdered , Durga Puja pavilions destroyed , 150 Hindu homes ransacked , charges of `` blasphemy '' Muslim mobs excuse . They unleash violence , plunder sacred sites & non-Muslim property in Pakistan & India , Bangladesh is no exception !
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 4 killed
We could not celebrate Durga Puja .
Two Sadhus of ISKCON temple ( 1 ) Nitai Das Prabhu and ( 2 ) Jatan Saha Prabhu killed in . temple in Noyakhali Bangladesh attacked after Friday prayers today .
ISKCON temple & devotees violently attacked in Noakhali , Bangladesh . Temple suffered significant damage & the condition of a devotee remains critical . We call on the Govt of Bangladesh to ensure the safety of all Hindus & bring the perpetrators to justice .
Islamist goons still attacking hindu minority in Bangladesh .
No Muslim attacked Hindu Temples in Bangladesh . Those are current Fascist government of Bangladesh , Sheikh Hasina ’ s sponsored crime to destroy Communal harmony .
Hello ji , you can express grief over the dimise of somebody , so now could you please comment something on what has happened with temple and devotees in Bangladesh .
Noakhali Riot 2.0 . Hindu Women raped and men killed in Noakhali Bangladesh . Iskon Temple burned by Islamic terrorists .
Why UAE has n't condemned attacks on Hindu Temples in Bangladesh ?
What a powerful statement from the PM of a country . That ’ s how a PM of a country should stand up-to their minorities . Bangladesh police killed 5 of the mobs who were vandalizing Hindu temples .
Day we celebrate victory of good over evil is turning out to be unbearably disturbing . Brutal murder at Singhu border , Devotees run over by a car in Chattisgarh , Violence against Hindus in Bangladesh & now hearing that ISKCON temple in Bangladesh being set on fire by jihadis .
Terrorist attack on Hindus again in Bangladesh , temples and hindu proporty vandalised . They do n't want the world to know .
Not much of a coincidence , looks like a planned pogrom against Hindu minorities in Bangladesh Where are ArfaBarfaRanaSaba ?
Police in attack Muslim worshippers outside ’ s Baitul Mukarram Mosque during a protest against the desecration of the following Friday prayers today . A copy of the Holy Quran was placed on the lap of a Hindu idol during a Hindu…
`` Bangladeshi Hindus '' Reportedly , videos and photos of the Quran kept in a Durga Pandal of Cummila were circulated widely on social media . The Islamists claimed that the Hindus had deliberately kept their holy book in the pandal as a mark of insult .
temple & devotees were violently attacked today by a mob in , . Temple suffered significant damage & the condition of a devotee remains critical .
As a citizen of Bangladesh and a loyal follower of constitution we demand justice ! !
As per Bangladesh Hindu Unity Council , this was the third incident of vandalism reported . “ The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong .
The Hindutva goons are trying to stir up communal conflicts eg placing Qur'an at some idol 's foot . The Hindu community needs to tackle these extremists ideologically .
Indian High Commission in touch with Bangladesh authorities over temple attack
When will mass killings of Hindus will stop in Hindu majority Country like India . So , we all can imagine what is the conditions of Hindu minorities in other countries like Bangladesh , Pakistan , etc .
Iskon Temple of Hindus is burning due to the communal attack of the Muslim extremist group in Bangladesh .
Why should Bangladesh recognise VHP , even no Hindu in India cares for it . Waiting for government to give an official statement . But oh I forgot it ’ s secular government .
Bangladesh Hindu Buddhist Christian Unity Council called for a hartal in the city until Saturday
Everyone who 's sad about the attack on Durga pandals in Bangladesh , last year the same thing happened in Bihar in fact it was led by State , police had fired on devotees . The IPS officer who gave orders of firing is still the SP of Saharsa district & we all have forgotten about it
Today , the fascist Islamophobic government of Bangladesh attacks Muslim devotees at the Baitul Mukarrom National Mosque . Repression at the national level is also ongoing . Hundreds of Muslims arrested for protesting the violation of the Holy Quran in a Hindu temple .
A number of Kolkata residents held a silent candle light protest at Santosh Mitra Square , an old Durga Puja venue to express solidarity wd persecuted Hindu minority of Bangladesh . d turnout may be minimal but d message is loud & clear , Solidarity wd fellow Hindus .
Bangladesh Strengthens Security as Violence Targets Hindu Festival
Terrorist group does not go to rest . They attacks on the Hindu communities for the 3rd days . Today at Noakhali , Bangladesh . More than hundreds of Hindus are injured , 2 death and almost all theTemples and houses are set on fire .
: Two Sadhus of ISKCON temple , Nitai Das Prabhu and Jatan Saha Prabhu killed in . After Friday prayer the ISI backed Radical Islamist group has attacked the ISKCON temple .
Attacks on Hindus continue in Bangladesh . Another Durga Puja pandal/temple was vandalized in .
Jihadis are openly vandalising Hindu temples in Bangladesh . These are same Bangladeshis who were begging India in 1971 to save them from atrocities of Pakistan . India helped them get independence . Now , Yesterday 's beggars are today 's Jihadis . A tyal trait of Islamists .
Bangladesh deployed paramilitary forces across half of the country 's districts to curb the worst communal violence in years that has targeted members of the Hindu minority .
Two Sadhus of ISKCON temple Nitai Das Prabhu and Jatan Saha Prabhu killed in Bangladesh . ISKCON temple in Noyakhali Bangladesh attacked after Friday prayers today .
Bangladesh deployed paramilitary troops to more than 35 districts to curb anti-Hindu violence following allegations that the Quran was disrespected in a temple . In Chandpur , police killed 3 Muslims who were part of the mob trying to attack a temple .
`` Bangladesh Strengthens Security as Violence Targets Hindu Festival '' by Saif Hasnat and Mujib Mashal via NYT
Bangladesh deployed paramilitary troops to more than 35 districts to curb anti-Hindu violence following allegations that the Quran was disrespected in a temple . In Chandpur , police killed 3 Muslims who were part of the mob trying to attack a temple .
`` Bangladesh Strengthens Security as Violence Targets Hindu Festival '' by BY SAIF HASNAT AND MUJIB MASHAL via NYT New York Times
Has any intellectual from Bengal condemned the barbaric act on Durga puja pandals in Bangladesh ?
ISKCON temple & devotees were violently attacked today by a mob in Noakhali , Bangladesh . Temple suffered significant damage & the condition of a devotee remains critical . We call on the Govt of Bangladesh to ensure the safety of all Hindus & bring the perpetrators to justice .
Disturbing reports emerging from Bangladesh ’ s where several hundreds went on a rampage and vandalised a Durga puja pandal . One person identified as Jatan Kumar Saha was killed in the violent clashes .
Every puja season in Bangladesh , what we see is a load of performative allyship . Muslim-identifying persons would simply insert themselves into Hindu minority ceremonies just to get a chance to dress up , eat some laddus and take some photos at the pandals . However
Bangladesh : Muslims murder two people , vandalize several Durga Puja pavilions , raid at least 150 Hindu homes - via
Attack and demolition continues against Hindu minority in Bangladesh . At least 1 killed , 18 injured at Noakhali . Houses set on fire .
Please , save Bangladesh Hindu .
Bangladesh Strengthens Security as Violence Targets Hindu Festival
Communal attack on Hari Temple which is situated at Lama , Bandarban , Bangladesh . This type of attack has happened all over the country by extremist group .
Bangladesh Strengthens Security as Violence Targets Hindu Festival
Bangladesh is a den of Islamists and remain so Large-scale riots launched against Hindus has already witnessed 2 Hindu genocide in the last century govt and remain This ishappening on the anniversary of
Bangladesh right now has become a slaughter ground for the Hindu population . For the last two days , their temple , house , the business has been burned , looted , many got killed . Today the situation has been exacerbated . I was informed that many Hindu women were sexually harassed .
Bangladesh : Muslims murder two people , vandalize several Durga Puja pavilions , raid at least 150 Hindu homes
After Friday namaz , Mūslīm mob attacked Hindu temples , shops , homes in Chittagong , Bangladesh . At least 2 Hindus were murdered in cold blood .
Police in attack Muslim worshippers outside ’ s Baitul Mukarram Mosque during a protest against the desecration of the following Friday prayers today . A copy of the Holy Quran was placed on the lap of a Hindu idol during a Hindu festival in Comilla .
Rascal musl ! m goons at have attacked our Radha Krishna Temple at Noyakhali , Choumuhoni Bazaar Area , Bangladesh .
This is today 's incident in Chaumuhani of Noakhali . Some Muslim fundamentalists are attacking Hindu Temple named SRI RAM THAKUR ASRAM at Chumuhuni , Noakhali , Bangladesh . ￼
A car ran over a hindu procession in Chattisgarh killing more than 5 people . A Dalit hindu murdered and hand cutoff in alleged farmer protest . Durga pandals attacked in Bangladesh . Iscon temple burnt to ashes in Bangladesh .
Modi should act against Hindus atrocities and sanatani Durga puja vandalism by mu & lims goons in Bangladesh . PM Hasina almost in different . Separate Hindu land within Bangladesh needed .
Sheikh Hasina stop dirty politics . Do not try to make Bangladesh Gujarat ! Stop trying to gain political advantage by waging Hindu-Muslim struggle . This is Bangladesh , not Gujarat . The Hindus and Muslims of Bangladesh have always been close to each other
In Noakhali district of Bangladesh , hundreds of fundamentalists gathered across The Chaumuhani in Noakhali on Friday after 2 pm to carry out barbaric tandab lilas ! Which started with Ashtami ! For the third consecutive day , hindu temple houses in Bangladesh have been attacked .
In the past 2 days , Hindu temples in BD have been attacked and vandalised amid Durga puja celebrations after claims spread on social media that a Quran was reportedly ‘ besmirched ’ at a Durga Puja pavilion in Cumilla .
Protesters , police clash as Bangladesh sees third day of street violence after footage , reportedly showing the Quran being placed on the knee of a Hindu idol during Durga Puja celebrations , sparks outrage
Immersion of Durga idols on Dashami in the Ichchamati river in Taki , West Bengal near the Indo-Bangladesh border that cuts between the river , due to which the religious custom is conducted under India 's Border Security Force 's watch . Immersions happen on both sides of the border .
: An ISKCON temple in Noakhali , Bangladesh set on fire by radicalized mob . Attack on Hindus continuing .
Today , after Jummah prayer , Police fire on a protest rally in which has been held against the desecration of the Holy Quran at a Hindu temple in .
Islamist jihadist Terrorists mob attacked minority Hindu temple in
Muslim Extremists destroying hindu Durga temple all over the country in . This is one of the attacks . It has happened in Noakhali , Bangladesh .
again . Over 250 Hindu temples attacked in Bangladesh this year , and over 200 each yr with some years over 300 attacks
: An ISKCON temple in Noakhali , Bangladesh set on fire by radicalized mob . Attack on Hindus continuing .
One more Hindu Bangladeshi has been killed today in Noakhali . I ca n't describe how angry I am right now . But this is gon na make me more determined to never give up on the dream of a secular progressive Bangladesh . These past few days may have been dark , but we must fight back .
Another Sadhu of ISKCON temple of NIMAI KRISHNA DAS fighting for his life . His condition is critical . We have photo , but not posting .
CSK will win because KKR has Bangladeshi player .... Bangladesh insulted GURGA MATA ...... So DURGA MATA is going to support CSK ... JAI MATA KI
Jihadis on rampage in Bangladesh . Many Maa Durga Pandals looted and Hindus Killed . ISKCON temple completely demolished and devotee martyred Ji Can yo do something .
I hope Bangladesh media will get to the bottom of the incident that led to rioting there . The RW there obviously has reasons to try and foment trouble for political gain . However there 's something odd about Ram and Hanuman idols in a Durga Puja . That 's not Bengali culture
We are in big trouble . The extremists have vandalized our durga idols and mandirs at comilla , Chandpur in Bangladesh .
Religious fanatics attack Durga Puja pandals in and vandalise Idols of various Deities Intentionally disrespected the Quran and blamed Hindus
A hindu man being killed and on the same day Hindu procession is run over by a car and in Bangladesh Hindus are targeted . The sinister plan to create riots and instigate Hindus in well on display .
After Jumma prayer , A huge demonstration procession has been held in today to protest against the desecration of Holy Quran at a Hindu temple in
Now both and are silent over attacks on Hindus and vandalising of their puja pandals in Bangladesh
Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples , Puja Pandals `` Will Be Hunted Down '' , Says Bangladesh PM
New post : Clashes between police and Muslim protesters overshadow largest Hindu festival in Bangladesh
Why target temples and kill Hindu people ? Does any religion teach us to harm others ? ? I fail to understand these sort of people ( from whatsoever religion ) who kill and hurt in the name of religion .
All anti HINDUS , Congress , SP , Communists , Maharashtra Sivsena , Presstitutes , Liberals , TMC it is a memorable , joyous time for you , HINDUS in Bangladesh are mobbed , their Durga deities are smashed , destroyed , go and celebrate you people , in Kolkata TMC destroyed Durga deity .
Earlier today , a violent mob attacked the ISKCON temple & Hindu community in Chotta Gram region of Bangladesh . Temple suffered significant damages and a devotee is in critical condition . 1/2
Bangladesh Temple Attacks , Hostage Population Theory And Hindu-Muslim Power Asymmetry via
A very dark time in for the the Govt has failed to secure the peace.The yearly festival ruined in many places the citizen of Bangladesh , the Hindus could not perform the rituals which breaks the Constitution Section 41 .
I would like to inform the whole world is that in Bangladesh Islamic peoples are always wants cool and love to alive in Bangladesh but few hindu peoples are trying to destroy Islam and Muslims dream and try to kill Muslims peoples . We want to alive with care and love in the earth
Bangladesh Temple Attacks , Hostage Population Theory And Hindu-Muslim Power Asymmetry . Effectively , both state and society are impotent to act against Islamic fanaticism and bigotry . via
Hot : Noakhali , Bangladesh today : Mob attacking Hindu temples & pandals . posted by u/StarsAtLadakh
Massive attacks on Durga Pujo Pandals & Hindu Temples all over Bangladesh , Muslim Mobs have demolished 9 Durga mandapas & idols in Comilla . India helped Bangladeshi people , rescued them for torture & killings in 1972 . This is how they return the favor .
temple in set on fire by Islamist jihadist Terrorist mobs
Mass attack on Hindu in Bangladesh
The hindu persecution in bangladesh is so freakin fucked up and its been happening for decades too .
Today , temple attcked ... fanatics attacked the temple and injured provues and others
.... continued today .. Video came from local sources . Attack on Hindus continuing . temple in is burning . Radicals set fire it today
operators ordered to shut down Internet services to quell violence stemming from attacks on Hindu temples . traffic data shows shutdown lasted > 10 hours . h/t
! mowing of Hindu procession ! in Bangladesh ! Hindu leader ’ s business attacked by in Australia , for helping Vishal Jood fight his case . Are under attack globally ? ?
My TL : - 1 . Dalit shredded at singhi border . 2 . Mob at Delhi vadalised gate for a navratri event against Hindus 3 . Rambhakts attacked by a car in horrendous manner 4 . Hindus attacked in noakahali 5 . Ramkrishna mission attacked in Bangladesh 6 . Iskon attacked at Bangladesh
Rana Dasgupta of the Bangladesh Hindu Buddhist Christian Unity Council is spot on in this interview . Failing to punish communal elements from prior incidents have emboldened them . Our government MUST prosecute the criminals , not just say things we wan na hear .
Pseudo-Secular Trending this Kaaba Of Kashmir Desecrated , Where were you when 100s of Temple were vanished during 1990 to 2010 in Kashmir . and Why are n't you concerned about other places of Worship either Buddhist , Jain 's and Sikhs in Pakistan , Bangladesh and Afghanistan .
CCTV Footage of Ram Krishna Mission 1st , attack , Haziganj , Chandpur , Bangladesh . Ram Krishna Mission and Ayashrams two temple totally down and all Durga Pratima was vandlised and beheaded 12 Oct night 21 by Muslims gang .
Ashram of Ram Thakur . Chaumhuni .3 priests have been brutally killed . One was beaten and the other two were burnt .
| Two Sadhus of ISKCON temple ( 1 ) Nitai Das Prabhu and ( 2 ) Jatan Saha Prabhu killed in Bangladesh . ISKCON temple in Noyakhali Bangladesh attacked after Friday prayers today .
Religious fanatics attack Durga Puja pandals in Bangladesh & vandalise Idols of various Deities Can there ever be brotherhood with religious fanatics who seek reasons to attack Hindus ?
I do n't understand why Arnab Goswami is silent ! ! ! About the atrocity on hindu in Bangaladesh , Muslims of Bangladesh broke the idol of Durga Maa , The Hindu deity and did henious torture on Hindu.Thought you were a little different from other media house ! ! ! ! !
fired tear gas and rubber bullets at thousands of in 's two main cities on Friday , in a third day of religious disturbances in the Muslim-majority nation , authorities said .
Breaking : Two Sadhus of ISKCON temple Nitai Das Prabhu and Jatan Saha Prabhu killed in Bangladesh by Islamic mob . ISKCON temple in Noyakhali Bangladesh attacked after Friday prayers today .
. please ask Sajal Ghosh to do this infront of Bangladesh High Commission . If it 's done , jih muzzies will rampage through the city , and this will help Bengali Hindus , who are in a delusional state , get out of `` Hindu-muzzie bhai bhai '' mirage . No more Bhai Bhai stuff !
The thread what is going on in Bangladesh for 4 days in Durga Puja ... The constant attacks , burning , harassment , verbal abuse , vandalism , ruining many temples , even killing ...
On this day when we celebrate victory of good over evil d day is turning out to b unbearably sad . Brutal murder at Singhu border Devotees run over by a car in Chattisgarh , Violence against Hindus in Bangladesh & now hearing dt ISKCON temple in Bangladesh being set on fire by M
Amid reports of attacks on temples , the century-old Kalibari temple and decades-old Puran Bazar Jame Masjid stands as an example for peaceful coexistence . াংলাদেশ
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 3 killed | via
Bangladesh : Goons Place Quran At Feet Of A Ganesh Murti , Trigger Mob Attacks On Multiple Durga Puja Pandals
Bangladesh : Islamists unleash violence against Durga Puja celebration of Hindus , several pandals damaged via OpIndia_com
Bangladesh : 3 Killed as Violence Erupts During Durga Puja , Govt Deploys Paramilitary Forces
Attacks on Durga Puja pandals in Bangladesh : Facebook rumour and alleged 'insult to Quran ' triggers another onslaught against Hindus via OpIndia_com
3 Hindu Priests are already beaten to death in Bangladesh . Many attack news are not publishing in the dailies , so the actual number maybe very high . : (
Peaceful muslim of Bangladesh , destroying hindus temple
Bangladesh 'Black Day ' : Durga Puja Pandals Vandalised In Cumilla And Other Areas , Report Says 43 Detained
This is not acceptable . Why Hindu always targeted . durga maa will punishe you stupid humans .
We are very sad & anxious to hear the news of bangladesh where many durga puja pandals & durga idols are attacked , we urge to the honorable prime minister ji to look into this matter for hindus safety .
wishes everyone a very Happy Dussehra . is a Hindu festival cleberated annually to commemorate the of good over evil . It is celebrated primarily in and also in Nepal , Bangladesh , Mauritius and other countries .
Attack on Durga Pandals : In touch with Bangladesh government , says India
Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina on Thursday , October 14 , issued a strong warning against the perpetrators involved in vandalising of pandal and temples on October 13 .
Bangladesh Temple Attacks , Hostage Population Theory And Hindu-Muslim Power Asymmetry
yes ! This is the same which we are being taught till now -
Bangladesh Temple Attacks , Hostage Population Theory And Hindu-Muslim Power Asymmetry - Yahoo Singapore News - `` indian muslims '' - Google News
ISKCON temple in is burning .
Thousands staged demonstration in 's Baitul Mokarram against the insult of the holy in pandal .
The ISKCON temple in was set on fire by the ISI backed Radical Islamist groups .
CCTV Footage of Jihadi Attack on Ram Krishna Mission 1st attack Haziganj , Chandpur , 13/10/2021
BIG BREAKING : 18 BOMBS recovered from a Puja Mandap in Khulna , Bangladesh . H have died protecting Murtis of Maa .
At least four people were killed and dozens injured in southwest Bangladesh late Wednesday when law enforcement clashed with a mob protesting the alleged desecration of a Quran at a Hindu festival site , police said Thursday .
Bangladesh Govt Should Protect Hindu Minorities in the Country : VHP
Both Pakistan & Bangladesh are hell bent in Converting Hindu population to Muslim but thanks to that Gandhi & Nehru we permit 4 wives & unlimited kids to Muslim .at time of partition Muslims where 3 corers in India Today they are 21 corers and growing .
Those who cry themselves hoarse abt Hindu radicalization muts realize that inspite of grave provocations from and our very own , no one from any minority community has been targeted as reprisal .
Indian High Commission in touch with Bangladesh authorities over temple attack
As usual don ’ t have any & is a farce ! Why can ’ t be vocal on consistent persecution / exodus of Hindus in My brothers & sisters R like counting their last days
ISKCON TEMPLE in Bangladesh district of Nuakhali attacked by local MOULABADIES
As usual police attacked on the peaceful protest of mass people at the Baitul Mokarram mosque against the insult of the holy in a pandal .
I ’ m heartbroken and ashamed to see images from all over Bangladesh of Hindus celebrating Durga Pooja being lynched and Durga Pandals being being destroyed . There has been reports of Hindu women being raped on the streets . Why is media not covering this .
PM Sheikh Hasina 's reassures the Hindu community in , sends out a stern message against fundamentalism in the aftermath of violence during
ISCON temple in Bangladesh set on fire by muslim mob to rile up Hindus as no temples are left to destroy in Pakistan .
CCTV Footage of Ram Krishna Mission 1st attack Haziganj , Chandpur , Bangladesh . 13/10/2021
In Bangladesh Hindus are being tortured , Durga idols broken , pandals burnt .. Muslims are making hate speech against Hindu ... But is not taking action against them . I have made a comment and Facebook blocked my comment .
Police in clashed with Muslim devotees outside the country ’ s main Baitul Mukarram Mosque in during a protest on Friday , after photographs of a copy of the Holy Quran emerged being placed at the feet of a Hindu god while they were celebrating a Hindu festival .
Last night I have given tweet to deploy Army in sensitive places of Bangladesh . Today many Hindu temples vandalised bye jihadi Muslims and many Hindu houses attacked by jihadi Muslims . Sheikh Hasina told due to communal disharmony in India the bad reflection comes to Bangladesh .
Puja organizers of Santosh Mitra Square showed the spine to protest against the vandalism of Puja Mandaps and killings of Hindus in Bangladesh . A big SALUTE to the organizers . Wish other Puja Organisers had the backbone too .
Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples `` Will Be Hunted Down '' : Bangladesh PM
Prime Minister Hasina called upon the leaders of the Hindu community , particularly the Bangladesh Puja Udjapon Committee , to formulate a policy to determine how many Puja mandaps will be set up across the country to celebrate the Durga Puja
As a Bangladeshi I want to see a beautiful friendship & bondage among all religious people . Due to little amount of people we never can break this friendship . I think all the people in maintain patient in this moment .
Suvendu Adhikari and Shantanu Thakur have shown their concern about Vandalism on Durga Idols at Bangladesh . Their letters to PM Narendra Modiji ...
: Attackers target ’ s Venue in , Hindu leaders call half-day strike
Members of Rapid Action Battalion have recovered 18 bombs next to a temple in 's upazila , .
Islamic people in bangladesh have attacked and vandalized about 200+ hindu temples and holy Durga Puja house.Its happening by a fake propoganda .
Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples , Puja Pandals `` Will Be Hunted Down '' , Says Bangladesh PM
The Hindus in Bangladesh labeled October 13 as a ‘ Black Day ’ after a stray Facebook post triggered widespread violence against the minority community in Bangladesh . Several Durga pandals were vandalized , close to 150 families were attacked .
Hindus in Bangladesh do n't have liberty to worship Durga Ma , here in we follow , what 's happening in Bangladesh will it be our immediate future ?
Minorities in Bangladesh specially Hindu communities while celebrating Durga puja get attacked . when bangladesh is formed total percentage of hindus in bangladesh is 28 % of their population and in recent census it found nearly 8 % .
Shame on United Nation ! Shame on world leaders ! Shame on Bangladesh ! Muslims are attacked & looted Hindu homes & burnt houses shops & murdered Hindu man Jatin saha on 15 October 2021 today at Chowmohani , Noakhali dist .
Santosh Mitra Square Puja Committee , KOLKATA , WEST BENGAL protesting against the attack on Hindus , Hindu temples and Durga Pandals in Bangladesh .
Should & 's Muslim persecuted & allow persecutors to ? Victims say NO . opposition & West say 'you have to allow ' !
Ah , mobile services have been turned back on in Bangladesh . The reasons for pulling the plug , have a look at the calendar what is occurring today . ( And no it was n't due to the IPL final , but Hindu related )
these attacks on Durga Puja in Bangladesh happen every year .
Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples 'Will Be Hunted Down ' : Bangladesh PM
Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples “ Will Be Hunted Down ” : Bangladesh PM
Hindus are under attack everywhere and people who take votes for being champions of Hindu cause are sleeping
Following four deaths during clashes in Chandpur security has been heightened across for Durga Puja celebrations
'Disturbing ' : India slams attacks during Durga Puja in Bangladesh
Situation worsening in Bangladesh .. Two Hindu man Manik Saha ( Chandpur ) and Jatan Saha ( Camilla ) killed by Muslim Rioters
Tension rises in Bangladesh amid sabotage in puja pandals , government tightens security arrangements
News reports are coming from Bangladesh that several Durga Puja pandals have been destroyed by Islamist fanatics A social media rumour that the Quran had been denigrated went viral following which the idols were targeted
Salute to her courage a Bangladeshi Hindu women explaining the torture they are facing being a minority .
Sporadic clashes erupted in Dhaka , some other places between police & mob on Friday after a copy of Islam 's holy book Quran had been found at a puja pandal in . Several Hindu temples & houses have come under attack in several places in amid the .
RSS chief Bhagwat bats for a unified , strong and well-informed society Raising the issue of abrupt growth rates of Muslim families in bordering localities of Assam and West Bengal , the RSS chief indicated towards the unabated infiltration from Bangladesh
Radical Islamic mob vandalised Ramakrishna mission in Bangladesh ( chandpur ) .
# िजयादशमी Hindu Tej Jago ! Hindus_Attacked_In_Bangladesh The religious fanatics attacked Durga Puja pandals and vandalised the idols in Bangladesh . The Government of India must take cognisance of the situation and take concrete steps to prevent such attacks ! # िजयादशमी
Durga Pandals are attacked in Noakhali , Bangladesh by Islamists .
Terrorist Attack on Hindu temple and people is going on for 3 days now . I never thought of writing about this on social media . But it ’ s getting worse . Every moment I am concerned about my family , friends , known face ’ s safety . May God bless us .
Goons attacking Hindu temples won ’ t be spared : Bangladesh PM
Jihadis attack in front of the puja mandapa of JM Sen Hall in Chittagong district of Bangladesh . চট্টগ্রামের জেএমসেন হলের পূজা মন্ডপের সামনে জিহাদের হামলা।
After completing friday prayer Peaceful community conducting their peaceful atrocities all across the Bangladesh targeting hindu people and their temples .
Equally condemnable as the vandalism in on Durga Temples . ( Problem is these Slipper thieves are in majority both in Mosque and Temples of sub Continent .
Thousands staged demonstration in 's Baitul Mokarram against the insult of the holy in pandal .
Prime Minister Hasina called upon the leaders of the Hindu community , particularly the Bangladesh Puja Udjapon Committee , to formulate a policy to determine how many Puja mandaps will be set up across the country to celebrate the Durga Puja ...
Terror and vandalism continue on in Durga puja pandals and temples in Bangladesh on the day of Bijoya Dashami and Dussera .
Dear your perception about Bangladesh of Sheikh Hasina is absolutely wrong . You do n't know about unemployment , price hike , human rights violation , abduction , lack of security of women , increase of mafia and uncontrolled corruption of Awamileague & their goons etc .
Terrible situation in Noakhali 6 , Bangladesh Trishul , Mangala , Navadurga , Vijaya Pandel , Kotbari temples have been set on fire . The houses of the Hindus are being ransacked , One temple after another is being set on fire .
Police detain 74 attackers of Hindu temples in Bangladesh
Over 40 people arrested over durga puja violence in Bangladesh World N ... via /
Dr Disturbing message coming out of Bangladesh plight of our Hindus . Shared by VHS supporters from Bangladesh . Not posting videos tures here , as they are disturbing . It was a pre planned attack on Hindus during Durga Puja . GOI EAM yet to react ?
Bangladesh : Muslim mobs vandalize Hindu temples over Qur ’ an desecration - via
The shameful act which had happened for the disruption of Durga Puja in some places of is extremely unethical and bow the head of humanity in shame . Hope the victims will get justice .
Attacks on Durga Puja in Bangladesh | Sheikh Hasina Warns of Action via
When will you have some guts to speak up ? Shame on you . Learn from the country whom we gave independence in 1972 . Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples `` Will Be Hunted Down '' : Bangladesh PM
‘ They will be hunted down and punished ’ , says Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina after attack on Hindu temples
: Some unidentified miscreants attacked temples in Bangladesh on Wednesday , Oct 13 , during Durga Puja celebrations . The news website reported that after allegations of ... ( contd . )
Bangladesh Temple Attacks , Hostage Population Theory And Hindu-Muslim Power Asymmetry |
Obviously it is true that Bangladesh is governed by mad/insane peoples . They say there is no religion of terrorist while all the terrorists accross the world belong to only Islam religion . Why they do n't protect their religion from Muslim Terrorists ?
Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina warns Bharat to remain vigilant to escalations in communal violence after widespread attacks on Hindus and Durga Pooja Pandals and Murtis . Bring your house to order first , Madam Prime Minister .
Something fishy is going on in Bangladesh .. Internet shutdown on a massive scale .. Bangladeshi Hindu accounts are going offline one by one
Radicalization & Hatred among Hindus has gone beyond repair , they outrage over treatment of minorities but their own houses is literally burning with hatred for Muslims . Shame on each & every hindu , you are blot on humanity .
Growing Muslim , Christian population threat to India , says RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat . “ This is a clear indication of uncontrolled infiltration from Bangladesh , ” claimed the supremo of Hindu paramilitary organisation .
CCTV Footage Ram Krishna Mission and Ayashram ' s two temple totally down and all Durga Pratima was vandlised and beheaded 12 October night 2021 by Muslims gang at Haziganj P.S Chandpur district Bangladesh.13/10/2021
I am requesting severe punishment for the perpetrators of desecration of Holy Quran during Durga Puja in Bangladesh .
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 4 killed
Shourav Das shares lovely of Durga Puja celebrations at his home town in kumarkhali Upazila in Bangladesh
Hindutva terror $ st thought they can instigate communal riot in Bangladesh by their filthy game . But they forgot Bangladesh is not Gujarat and never will be . Photo : Peaceful demonstration in Baitul Mokarram , Dhaka against the insult of the holy in pandal .
Why ? Are you on your own feet or on Godi ? Do n't you have info about the move of Bangladesh Government against vandalism committed by miscreants on Durga idols ?
In the context of attack on different puja pendals in Bangladesh , P.M.Seikh Hasina has assured the victims of safety and security , which is a good symptom.But she has also played some diplomacy by her advisory for India which will protect her from the Fundamentalists in her country
Hon'ble Prime Minister , today you see that the incident that took place in Comilla is a complete conspiracy . We have been able to perform our Durga Puja for centuries . We are not able to do it in Bangladesh now . Hon'ble Prime Minister , we hope to get something better from you in
Hindu Tej Jago ! The religious fanatics attacked Durga Puja pandals and vandalised the idols in Bangladesh . The Government of India must take cognisance of the situation and take concrete steps to prevent such attacks ! िजयादशमी
On , when Hindus across the world were offering prayers to Maa Durga , radical Islamists in went on a rampage . They vandalised Ma Durga 's pratima and killed several hindus ...
Mu * * sli * * ms attack on Hindu temples in Bangladesh . Please save us . More than 500+ Durga Pandal vandalised in Bangladesh today .
Thousands staged demonstration in 's Baitul Mokarram against the insult of the holy in pandal .
Attacks on Durga Puja pandals in Bangladesh : Facebook rumour and alleged 'insult to Quran ' triggers another onslaught against Hindus via OpIndia_com
Those who vandalised Durga Puja pandals in Bangladesh will be ‘ hunted down ’ , says PM Hasina reports for ThePrint
Bangladesh : Despite PM Hasina 's assurance , over 20 injured in clash at Habiganj Durga puja
Bangladesh PM says 'attackers wo n't be spared ' amid attacks on Hindu temples
150 Hindu families attacked over 'Quran insult ' rumours in Bangladesh , Durga Puja pandals destroyed via OpIndia_com
Bangladesh on edge after Durga Puja violence allegedly by Jamaat-e-Islami members out to embarrass Sheikh Hasina ’ s government by stoking communal fires
The Bangladesh government has promised swift action against those behind attacks on Hindu temples and Durga Puja celebrations amid criticism that the Muslim-majority country has n't done enough to protect minorities .
Watch `` Bangladesh : Mobs attack Durga Puja pandals after fabricated Quran post | Oneindia News '' on YouTube
Bangladesh on edge after Durga Puja violence , security tightened
pandals vandalized in
Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples “ Will Be Hunted Down ” : Bangladesh PM
.. to over come/get rid of economic difficulties because those difficulties they are under going is NOT there faults except electing those govt . for the Last 28 years.Those who attacked Hindu Temples will be hunted down-Sheikh Hasina No wonder Bangladesh lending $ Ms to Sri Lanka
Durga Puja Pandals Attacked In Bangladesh , Where is Anti-CAA Lobby | The ... via
Watch `` Over 40 people arrested over durga puja violence in Bangladesh | World News | Latest Updates | WION '' on YouTube
Watch `` Why Durga Puja pandals are being attacked in Bangladesh ? | Master Stroke '' on YouTube
‘ They will be hunted down and punished ’ , says Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina after attack on Hindu temples
That ’ s great msg . PM for all ! Have you seen such msg from Indian PM right after attack ( cow lynchings ) on minorities ? Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina assures stern action against ‘ bad elements ’ after Durga Puja pandal attacks
Sheikh Hasina warned India to remain vigilant against escalation of any communal violence . “ We expect that nothing happens there ( in India ) , which could influence any situation in Bangladesh affecting our Hindu community here '' , she said .
At least some PM 's have empathy with minorities . How India longs for some words of reassurance ... But then Silence is the mantra when it comes to minorities . Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples `` Will Be Hunted Down '' : Bangladesh PM via
bhakts , pls don t go ballistic on recent events in Bangladesh . one , you know hindu bengalis here voted your aka and his reps out resoundingly . two , his use of the Matua temple there for his political gains during his visit to B '' desh did not at all go down well , esp after what you
Live at 3.30 PM on the sacrilege of Goddess Durga Idols in Bangladesh in News X .Dr suvrokamal Dutta . Renowned Right Wing Media Think Tank
Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples Will Be Hunted Down : Bangladesh PM | HW English
or Muslim , who kept the Qur'an in the temple , kept it for political reason . This happened in , but Hindu community persecuted in other districts . Now r they just seeking justice for insulting the Qur'an ? What abt the crime of wreaking havoc on innocent ?
Madam PM before you give India any instructions on treatment of our Muslim community look into your own country .Why is that every year before Durga Puja Hindus are targeted in Bangladesh . What happened in yr country this year is a International shame .
Petrol crossed 115 Deisel crossed 100 Lpg will cross 1000 next month In hunger index we secured 101st rank behind pak nepal n bangladesh Unemployment highest in 47 years But gullu media n supreme leader 's boss is busy in Taliban , Ott n hindu muslim .
Thanks ji & ji & for taking the issue to Bangladesh authorities hope they protect the rights of Hindu Bengalis in Bangladesh and not forget it was a part of Hindustan some 50 years back .
Okay so basically Hindus are treated in the same way in Hindu majority India and Hindu minority Bangladesh .
The choice of Durga Puja for these attacks is significant . Durga represents Shakti , power , and by attacking the Durga Puja , whether in Bangladesh or even in parts of West Bengal , Islamists are trying to reduce the worshippers of even Shakti to dhimmitude .
The government of led by Sheikh Hasina promised swift action against perpetrators of the attacks on Hindu temples and celebrations in the country .
Bangladesh Temple Attacks , Hostage Population Theory And Hindu-Muslim Power Asymmetry via
Puja pandals , temples attacked in Bangladesh , govt promises action
Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples Will Be Hunted Down , Says Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina
Those who are silent over destruction of Hindu temples in Bangladesh and are silent over Hindu genocide were n't taught about secularism because secularism means treating every religion as equal .
People involved in attacks on Hindu temples , Durga Puja venues will be hunted down : Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina
This is our so-called kisan andolan and so-called kisan of India . still waiting for something like delhi , waiting . Suprime court waiting , left media waiting . Hindu Sikhs are ..... Way look at Bangladesh it 's in India .
Now compare this with Our 56 Inch when RW extremists kill Muslims and attack our Mosques Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples `` Will Be Hunted Down '' : Bangladesh PM - NDTV
India is in touch with Bangladesh over attacks on Durga pujo pandals allegedly carried out outlawed radical group Jamaat-e-Islami .
People involved in attacks on Hindu temples , Durga Puja venues will be hunted down : Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina | India News
Those attacking Durga Puja pandals will be hunted down , punished : Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina No Ms Hasina , If it wd hv bn done , thse recurrent atrocities on Hindus wo n't recur . Either walk th talk or shut up !
Islamists vandalise Ma Durga Puja idols in Bangladesh during Durga Puja . Muslim & secular Lobby in India stays silent . We neet to implement CAA as soon as possible
95 % of Muslims live in Bangladesh . And today they insult the Holy Quran in that country . That is why the Muslim leaders of the world are judged by a Bangladeshi citizen .
One by one brutal killing , restriction on Hindu rituals in India and Bangladesh and some people say wait and watch . In such circumstance if a mere 8 % swing does occur against the BJP in poll bound UP , Mahanta Majaraj 's hardwork will be wasted .
Hundreds of Muslims are being killed by Hindus in India , no one even cares . In Bangladesh few idols were broken Indian media lost its shit . By the way hindu themselves break those same idols after the 'puja ' anyway .
Pure mulk ko hunt down karoge kya aunty ... Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples `` Will Be Hunted Down '' : Bangladesh PM - NDTV
Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples `` Will Be Hunted Down '' : Bangladesh PM via
“ Disturbing Reports ” : India On Attacks During Durga Puja In Bangladesh
Those who vandalised Durga Puja pandals in Bangladesh will be ‘ hunted down ’ , says PM Hasina reports for ThePrint
`` They will be hunted down , '' Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina has issued a stiff warning to offenders who attack on temples and Durga Puja venues . Modi will never take similar action against anti-Muslim violence happening under his watch .
Bangladesh PM says 'attackers wo n't be spared ' amid attacks on Hindu temples and Durga Puja venues
This how Hindus get attack in Bangladesh . all the protesters of can you explain me why we should take outsider Muslim community in India . And they call Islam is a peaceful religion . Is it peaceful ? bangladeshi get out from Hindustan
Terrible situation in A Durga puja mandap set fire by radicals on 14oct night in Village-chhoy Ani under Begumganj union of district . Now , mobile internet service shut down all over country . why world is silent over this persecution on religious minority ?
India sent vaccines to Bangladesh people to fight against Covid and what all they are doing is to destroy Durga pooja mandapas during Navaratri .
Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples `` Will Be Hunted Down '' : Bangladesh PM via
Catholics greeted Hindus during the Durga Puja festival to promote interfaith harmony in Muslim-majority Bangladesh . Read more ...
Despite Bangladesh PM 's assurance of strict action , 20 injured in clash at Habiganj Durga puja
Catholics greeted Hindus during the Durga Puja festival to promote interfaith harmony in Muslim-majority Bangladesh . Read more ...
Catholics greeted Hindus during the Durga Puja festival to promote interfaith harmony in Muslim-majority Bangladesh . Read more ...
Durga puja idol vandalosation in bangladesh is highly condemnable Radical psycos must be dealt with iron fist
Selective persecution of religious minorities in Bangladesh by fundamentalists needs to be addressed by iron fist . The Durga Puja is used as an event to increase such targetted attacks especially on Hindus
Bangladesh temple attacks : Those involved will be ‘ hunted down and punished , ’ says Sheikh Hasina
Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples `` Will Be Hunted Down '' : Bangladesh PM
Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples `` Will Be Hunted Down '' : Bangladesh PM
Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples `` Will Be Hunted Down '' : Bangladesh PM - NDTV
Bengal women n Muslim saves Bengal to be Barisha club pujo mandab , we were running with ‘ kagaj ’ behind govt . officials to correct our citizenship now take another measure BSF , Bangladesh now ahead of India in every respect
Internet shut down in To prevent farther demonstration related to Quran insulation in a Hindu temple .
Bangladesh Muslim mobs vandalize Hindu temples over Quran desecration A mob of 500 muslims vandalized & ransacked many Hindu temples across Muslim-majority country , following furore over video of a Quran being placed on Hindu monkey during religious festival
Hindu Tej Jago ! Why do n't human rights organisations talk about the status of Hindu religious festivals in Muslim-majority Bangladesh ? Indian govt must put pressure on to punish the perpetrators of such heinous crime .
Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples `` Will Be Hunted Down '' : Bangladesh PM via
Mandaps across Bangladesh decorated with beautiful idols , showcasing the Hindu goddess in all her glory
‘ They will be hunted down and punished ’ , says Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina after attack on Hindu temples
‘ They will be hunted down and punished ’ , says Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina after attack on Hindu temples
Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples `` Will Be Hunted Down '' : Bangladesh PM
‘ They will be hunted down and punished ’ , says Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina after attack on Hindu temples
Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples `` Will Be Hunted Down '' : Bangladesh PM - NDTV
Will there be any such supportive statements & actions from PM Modi against atrocities against Muslims in India Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples `` Will Be Hunted Down '' : Bangladesh PM
Mobile internet and wifi connection is completely off in Bangladesh . This is absurd . Moblile internet must be open right now . Awami League is hiding something . People wants to know what is happening in Bangladesh During Hindu festival Durga Puja . Many muslims killed in 2days .
Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina assures stern action against ‘ bad elements ’ after Durga Puja pandal attacks October 15 , 2021 at 11:44AM
People involved in attacks on Hindu temples , Durga Puja venues will be hunted down : Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina
Bangladesh temple attacks : Those involved will be “ hunted down and punished , ” says Sheikh Hasina
| Prime Minister said that those involved in the recent vandalism of Hindu temples in the country will be “ hunted down and punished . ”
Bangladeshi `` PRAN '' product which is Promoted by Jihadi Amjad Khan Chowdhury . Bangladesh is Killing Hindus and Destroying Durga Puja .
Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples `` Will Be Hunted Down '' : Bangladesh PM
Vandalising temples and Durga Puja pandals in Cumilla district , Cox ’ s Bazar & Noakhali in Bangladesh ; following `` conspiratorial rumours '' spread through social media is disheartening . Desecrating idols of Maa Durga at will is an orchestrated attack on Sanatani Bengali community .
Why did Muslim mob attack temples in Bangladesh ? Know why Hindu communities are on target
Why did the Muslim mob attack the temples in Bangladesh ? Find out why Hindu communities are targeted Hindu temples in Bangladesh are attracted by Muslim mobs , reports Sheikh Hasina Reaction
Puja Mandap : Attack on Puja Mandap in Noakhali 's Begumganj , arson and vandalism of temp There have been several attacks and violence in Bangla Police said a puja mandapa in Begumganj in Noakhali district of Bangladesh was attacked and set on fire and idol
Bangladesh : 18 crude bombs recovered from temple in Khulna amid Durga Puja celebrations
: 3 killed and at least 60 hindus injured during Durga festival | HW English
Hindu awakening in West Bengal and elsewhere has prompted Bangladeshi PM Sheikh Hasina to announce stringent steps to Hindu-baiters of Comilla and elsewhere . Whatever her faults , she is the best hope of Hindus in Bangladesh . But the Taliban in W Bengal require some tough handling .
To all my fellow Bengalis living in entire world , this is time to Protest Brutal violence by radicals mob on Bengali Hindus in Bangladesh , mob went on rampage , destroyed Maa Durga Pratima , but our Intellectual 's are still silent . Will Anti-CAA gang come on the streets for protest ?
Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina has said that the people behind the violence during Durga puja in Cumilla city will be hunted down & given `` appropriate punishments '' in order to stop the recurrence of such communal acts : Bangladesh media
No tweets from yet on Durga puja destruction of Bangladesh Ramkrishna mission . But they were very sad on CAA issues becoz shahinbag protesters were sad . So sweet
Those who attacked temples , durga puja events will be hunted down : Bangladesh PM
When Babari Mosque demolition happened , riots happened in Pak & Bangladesh too , Hindus were killed & massacred there too . Today when Bangladeshi Hindu faced brutality on Durga Puja celebration , peacefuls are still living peacefully in Hindu Majority India without any fear .
Bangladesh : Goons attack Hindu temples during Durga Puja celebrations , three killed ; paramilitary deployed-World News , Firstpost
Some People From Islam Religion , has destroyed a Pandal of Maa Durga in Bangladesh .
India has condemned the recent communal violence during Durga Puja celebrations in Bangladesh , terming it `` disturbing . '' It said the Indian High Commission and consulates are communicating with the Bangladesh government & local authorities over the issue .
It is a Very Condemnable Incident , in , on the holy day of , the way fanatical attacked many pandals of Holy Maa Durga and brutally killed Minority , we condemn it . Bangladesh government should take strict action on this incident .
Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples Will Be Hunted Down , Says Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina
so many hate incidents against hindu .... but not a single culprit was punished by bangladesh govt ...
India in talks with Bangladesh govt over violence in Chattogram 's Durga puja pandals India in talks with Bangladesh govt over violence in Chattogram 's Durga puja pandals
At least 3 killed , Durga Puja pandals vandalised in Bangladesh
India in talks with Bangladesh govt over violence in Chattogram 's Durga puja pandals
Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples `` Will Be Hunted Down '' : Bangladesh PM . This is how religious fanaticism must be condemned and fought in unequivocal terms .
The Hindus of Bangladesh are suffering from Gandhi 's non-violent movement . How many attacks in this way will break the silence of Hindu organizations ? And how much silent Protest ? If Hindu zero then silent Protest will stop ?
Thanks to Modi 's inspiring leadership , India now ranks 101 on the - out of 116 countries - Bangladesh , Nepal and yes , behind too . Evidently building a temple for is n't feeding people this too .
Bangladesh PM assures stern action against ‘ bad elements ’ after Durga Puja pandal attacks Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina assures stern action against ‘ bad elements ’ after Durga Puja pandal attacks
Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples `` Will Be Hunted Down '' : Bangladesh PM
People involved in attacks on Hindu temples , Durga Puja venues will be hunted down : Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina
India calls Durga puja violence in Bangladesh ‘ disturbing ` , MEA says , ` in touch with authorities `
In Bangladesh , it is a five day long festival and is celebrated in congregation . This the largest festival held at Dhakeshwari temple and Ramakrishna Mission in Dhaka . UNESCO and Vijayadashami
New Tumblr post : `` India calls Durga puja violence in Bangladesh ‘ disturbing ` , MEA says , ` in touch with authorities ` `` News , Topnews
Bangladesh Temple Attacks , Hostage Population Theory And Hindu-Muslim Power Asymmetry via
`` Disturbing Reports '' : India On Attacks During Durga Puja In Bangladesh - NDTV
For every bong , Bijoya is a sad day . Ma Durga is as much a Godess as a daughter who leaves home today for another year . But it becomes more sad with Lynch mobs running amok near capital and intolerance hitting the roof in . What a wrong send off !
4 dead and16 detained in communal violence in Bangladesh
`` Attackers Will Be Hunted Down '' : Bangladesh PM As Hindu Temples Vandalised
What Hindu govt ? It is anti-Hindu government as seen when Bengal burnt and now Bangladesh Hindus being burnt . Vajpayee was pro-Islam and pro-Pakistan . BJP FULLY committed to his ideals . It wo n't work . SO MODI made HINDUTVA FACE . Quota idiots fell for that Hindutva face
The recent event in Bangladesh is linked with the vote bank of BJP India . Modi would like to benefit from this showing his Hindu voters how insecure Hindus are in Bangladesh & how bad Muslims are . Modi desires his ballot box will overflow . So who ’ s behind this can be assumed .
India in talks with Bangladesh govt over violence in Chattogram 's Durga puja pandals October 15 , 2021 at 08:58AM
I am telling Bangladesh please sir please help us a little , here in Bangladesh Hindus are in a lot of trouble , many temples are being vandalized , Hindus of Bangladesh are being tortured a lot , everyone sent my post to Narendra modi sir
I am telling Bangladesh please sir please help us a little , here in Bangladesh Hindus are in a lot of trouble , many temples are being vandalized , Hindus of Bangladesh are being tortured a lot , everyone sent my post to Narendra modi sir
I am telling Bangladesh please sir please help us a little , here in Bangladesh Hindus are in a lot of trouble , many temples are being vandalized , Hindus of Bangladesh are being tortured a lot , everyone sent my post to Narendra modi sir
A bold leader who walks the talk ! - Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples `` Will Be Hunted Down '' : Bangladesh PM
Lynching of Hindus In Bangladesh , vandalism of Idols of Devi Durga on ausious occasion of Durga Pooja ... Hindus still silent ....
we stand firmly and extend our unequivocal support to the Hindus of Bangladesh to protect their Sanatatani culture and rights to perform religious rituals . We strongly condemn the dastardly act on marginal minority Hindu community by the radical majority .
Hindu temples , pandals vandalised in Bangladesh , Sheikh Hasina promises action
On the first day , izlamic terrorists killed Hindus in Kashmir and on Dusherra , Khalistanis killed Hindu at Singhu Border , Delhi . Full fleged war against Hindus and we are loosing is swiftly . 10 days .. kashmir to Delhi . Pakistan to Bangladesh and WB to UP .
Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina assures stern action against ‘ bad elements ’ after Durga Puja pandal attacks
I am telling Bangladesh please sir please help us a little , here in Bangladesh Hindus are in a lot of trouble , many temples are being vandalized , Hindus of Bangladesh are being tortured a lot , everyone sent my post to Narendra modi sir
`` Disturbing Reports '' : India On Attacks During Durga Puja In Bangladesh - NDTV
Dear government of bangladesh , activists , please help our hindu brothers They are forced to not celebrate durgo pujo .. This islamic extremists saying that hindus insulted quran which is wrong news
Manik Saha sacrificed his life to save the idol of Mother Durga from the hands of Muslim extremists in Bangladesh . Let the world be free of desert bandits .
New Tumblr post : `` Hindu Temples in Bangladesh Attacked During Durga Puja , 4 Killed '' Politics
Prime Minister reacts to attack against minority community in on She says , ‘ Bangladesh is a secular country & no act of such intolerance will not be tolerated . ’
Attackers Will Be Hunted Down : Bangladesh PM As Hindu Temples Vandalised
| Prime Minister reacts to alleged attack against Hindu minority community in . She says , ‘ Bangladesh is a secular country & no act of such intolerance will not be tolerated. ’ Tamal with analysis .
People involved in attacks on Hindu temples , Durga Puja venues will be hunted down : Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina
Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples “ Will Be Hunted Down ” : Bangladesh PM
Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples `` Will Be Hunted Down '' : Bangladesh PM
If you think that Sheikh Haseena 's statement on the recent attacks in Bangladesh will prevent any unwanted incident in future then you 're living in fools paradise ! Has Narendra Modi 's statement on lynching stopped mob lynchings in India ? Subcontinent is being ruled by majoritism
Peacefuls spreading msg of peace by vandalizing Durga Pandals in Chandpur , Bangladesh . This is why CAA-NRC is needed !
Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples Will Be Hunted Down , Says Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina
The guy who planted a holi Qur'an book on the lap of Hanuman 's idol intentionally to stop festival around the These extremists started vandalised all Puja pandal & idols mercilessly .
Has Indian PM ever used such firm language against attacks on minorities in India . Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples `` Will Be Hunted Down '' : Bangladesh PM via
Bangladesh on edge after Durga Puja violence , security tightened -India News Cart
Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples “ Will Be Hunted Down ” : Bangladesh PM
Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples Will Be Hunted Down , Says Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina
Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples “ Will Be Hunted Down ” : Bangladesh PM
Those Who Attacked Hindu Temples Will Be Hunted Down , Says Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina
Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina has said that people who carried out incidents of vandalism in Hindu temples will be caught and exemplary punitive action would be initiated against them so that they don ’ t repeat such heinous acts in future .
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 3 killed
Black Day : Hindu temples , Durga puja pandals vandalised in Bangladesh , 4 killed
Gates are being destructed & removed , Muslim mob is is freely ransacking everything . Police are dumb & silent spectators . They are strongest & unnecessarily attacking police for Hindus They are H ! zadas before muslims Looks like scenery of attack by muslims in Bangladesh .
WHY Muslim mobs attacking Durga Puja pandals and minority Hindus across Bangladesh , in which 3 Hindus died and many Hindus injured ?
“ Attackers Will Be Hunted Down ” : Bangladesh PM As Hindu Temples Vandalised
Individuals concerned in assaults on Hindu temples , Durga Puja venues might be hunted down : Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina | India Information -
Is your Muslim wife from Bangladesh also condemning ? Nation wants to know
“ Attackers Will Be Hunted Down ” : Bangladesh PM As Hindu Temples Vandalised
People involved in attacks on Hindu temples , Durga Puja venues will be hunted down : Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina
সৌহার্দ্য এবং সম্প্রীতির বন্ধন অটুট থাকুক। হিন্দু ধর্মাম্বলী ভাই-বন্ধুদের বিজয়া দশমীর শুভেচ্ছা। Congratulations and best wishes to my hindu friends , well wishers and people across Bangladesh , and the world as well on the occasion of Durgapur-Jaria . Happy Sharadio Shuveccha !
PM issues tough warning against those involved in the attacks on & Durga Puja venues , and promised to bring to justice the culprits behind the
Bangladesh is a Bengali-Sunni Muslim Majoritarian state .
First put out the fires in your own house . Why interfere in the internal affairs of another country ? NDTV : `` Disturbing Reports '' : India On Attacks During Durga Puja In Bangladesh . via
Nobody will play to take religious beliefs & sentiment to stay in Bangladesh , Where 93 % Are Muslim . Jumma Mubarak To Everyone .
This is all good and I do n't see an alternative to Sheikh Hasina . Bangladesh needs her . However , the same problems as in India , abound there too . Appeasement and protection of anti-Hindu elements for political reasons gives these forces power .
India needs to take more positive steps to stop Hindu oppression in Bangladesh .
The situation is tense in the whole country in terms of attacks and vandalism in different areas centered on the incident of a temple in . Security has been tightened across the country to keep the situation normal . BGB has been deployed in several districts .
India needs to take more positive steps to stop Hindu oppression in Bangladesh .
Save hindu
: Temple vandals must face music
Hindu Tej Jago ! The religious fanatics attacked Durga Puja pandals and vandalised the idols in Bangladesh . The Government of India must take cognisance of the situation and take concrete steps to prevent such attacks ! िजयादशमी
A Hindu woman is crying , She has lost everything . He lost her homes temple and wealth . Her husband name is Bipul Shaha.13 October 2021 night at Rampur , Haziganj P.S Chandpur district Bangladesh . Muslims gangs.Listen from the victim.13/10/2021
We 've seen some reports of attacks on religious gatherings in Bangladesh . We note that Bangladesh govt has reacted strongly to it . We also understand that Durga Puja celebrations continue in Bangladesh . Our High Commission is in close contact with authorities : MEA spokesperson
Bangladesh : Goons attack Hindu temples during Durga Puja celebrations , three killed ; paramilitary deployed-World News , Firstpost
Communal violence broke out in several places in Bangladesh on Wednesday after news broke on social media about the alleged desecration of the Holy Quran at a Durga Puja venue on the bank of Nanuar Dighi .
The Quran is a holy book in Islam . Muslims do not touch this book unless they themselves are holy . And how is it a symbol of communal harmony if it is placed in the lap of an idol here ?
Same dindus were crying when muslims demolished their temple in Bangladesh but apparently Sikhs should remain calm when someone does beadbi of SGGS .
Like every year , Durga Puja ended in violence & vandalism for Bangladeshi Hindus . 3 Hindus have reportedly been killed in the riots & many others injured . Indian govt should take up the matter of ensuring security of Hindu minority in Bangladesh .
Bangladesh on edge after Durga Puja violence , security tightened
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Hindu Festival Durga Puja , 4 killed
In Bangladesh , it is a five day long festival and is celebrated in congregation . This the largest festival held at Dhakeshwari temple and Ramakrishna Mission in Dhaka . UNESCO and Vijayadashami
Jai Sri Ram India has slipped to the bottom of the list 101 of 116 countries in the annual World Hunger Index . India lags behind Pakistan , Nepal , Bangladesh and Sri Lanka .
Bangladesh moved quickly to contain the violence , which erupted in Cumilla after news broke on social media about the alleged desecration of the Quran at a Durga Puja venue . ( Shishir Gupta reports )
People involved in attacks on Hindu temples , Durga Puja venues will be hunted down : Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina | India News
The FILTH that is islam Bangladesh : Muslim mobs vandalize Hindu temples over Qur ’ an desecration - via
Should & 's Muslim persecuted & allow to India ? say NO . opposition & West say 'you have to allow ' !
Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina has said that the people behind the violence during Durga puja in Cumilla city will be hunted down & given `` appropriate punishments '' in order to stop the recurrence of such communal acts : Bangladesh media
Bangladesh on edge after Durga Puja violence , security tightened
Sheikh Hasina also gave advice to India after the attack on Durga Puja places in Bangladesh
People involved in attacks on Hindu temples , Durga Puja venues will be hunted down : Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina
Kudos to the PM ! True religion encourages one to act with justice ... she 's a shining example of it .
To respected Prime Minister Of India and to save the Bangladeshi Hindus from the Jihadists which are operating in Bangladesh and killing the Hindus and raping the Hindu womans . I request you to please look upon this ..
In a TV discussion I noted recent upsurge in Bangladesh 's violence linked to ( Huntingtonian ) Muslim civilizational renaissance PTV This caused violent protests at PM Modi ’ s visit in Mar 2021 and frequent desecration of Hindu temples
Demography is Destiny ! ! Attacks across Bangladesh on Durga Puja Pandals . Have you heard anything in any mainstream media outlet of India ?
Sheikh Hasina : The Prime Minister of Bangladesh has called on India to be vigilant amidst the insecurity of Hindus . Credit : BBC Bangla Durga Puja
PM Sheikh Hasina has said that people behind the violence during Durga puja in Cumilla city will be hunted down and given `` appropriate punishments '' in order to stop the recurrence of such communal acts : Bangladesh media
The Holy Quran Humiliated at a Hindu Temple in Bangladesh . As a consequence Police killed 9 Muslims during their Protest against the Humiliation .
It looks like days of Khilji/ Ghazni and Ghori are back in Kashmir . How dare they line up teachers , separate them and kill Hindu /Sikh teachers ? Time to create another Bangladesh again in the western side !
Destroying Durga Puja is a drama of Bangladesh . Attempts to convert Muslims into Hindus and bring them into India . Because there are no Hindus in Bangladesh .
should n't be spared for the act happened against Hope is looking into it .
If Bangladesh ca n't control Muslim fanatics , Hindustan will give fitting reply.Hindus are not to be humiliated like this .
The Shias and Sunnis could not be brothers ... then who is saying Hindu- M brotherhood ? ? ?
Do n't think of yourself as a minority , Sheikh Hasina tells Hindu community
It is essential that Mamata and BJP jointly demand that PM Modi seek to secure lives and religious freedom of Hindu Minorities of Bangladesh . It is time all the academia in India jointly stand up and send a resolution to Bangladesh Embassies .
Puja pandals , temples attacked in over ‘ besmirching ’ of Quran , govt promises action via
Planned Hindu temples vandalism in by Islamic bigots
Shiekh Hasina said that those involved in orchestrating and attacking and Puja pandals in will be taken to task , irrespective of their .
Stern message from PM Sheikh Hasina to reassure Hindus : is a non-communal country , everybody is free to follow their religion and festivals . “ We will hunt down those behind Comilla ( attacks on Durga Puja mandaps ) violence . They can not escape . ”
May Allah shower every Muslim with his unconditional blessings . Jumma Mubarak !
I condemn the attacks on durga puja pandals in Bangladesh and appeal to the Bangladesh govt to punish the guilty and do justice and show the BJP regime how the anti minority anti hindu violence is not acceptable .
Bangladesh : Goons attack Hindu temples during Durga Puja celebrations , three killed ; paramilitary deployed-World News , Firstpost
Our creation Bangladesh . Some fundamentalists destroyed Hindu temples , idols of Durga.There was law & order problem in soe areas . Four people from Hindu killed . This must be condemned . Why did this happen ? Why Hindus were targetted ?
We should stand with solidarity with the Hindus of Bangladesh . Disheartening to see that they are not even allowed to celebrate their festivals . So much for communal harmony . May Maa Durga give them courage to stand-up .
Durga Puja is the only time when Bengali Hindus across cities , states and countries unite in frolic . But what is happening at Bangladesh wrenches our hearts out and we the Indian Hindus are hurt and grieved . Request to take cognizance .
Hours after Pradeep Bhandari raised his voice against Durga Puja violence in Bangladesh , Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina responds . Sheikh Hasina says culprits will be HUNTED DOWN & GIVEN STRICT PUNISHMENT .
The persecution continues in Noakhali : 150 Hindu families attacked over ‘ Quran insult ’ rumours as Bangladesh sees a bloodied Durga Puja via
In Bangladesh , it is a five day long festival and is celebrated in congregation . This the largest festival held at Dhakeshwari temple and Ramakrishna Mission in Dhaka . UNESCO and Vijayadashami
Vijayadashami also marks the beginning of the harvest season . People seek the blessings of Mother Earth for a good harvest , peace and prosperity . Vijayadashmi and Dhakeshwari Temple , Bangladesh
Three killed in attack on Durga Puja pandal in Chandpur over Comilla incident the hindu minority 8 % and West Bengal Muslim minority 35 % India communal liberal media reporter & Bollywood Stars said that muslim did n't safe in India .
Hindu ’ s r not safe in Bangladesh
Yes . Our Dadu 's Sylhet town house is now owned by a Muslim family , who took it over using FAKE papers . If I ever step into Bangladesh , then will visit that to see for myself the memories of mother . All may have been trampled in course of time , but the land is the same , she lived .
Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina has issued a tough warning against those involved in the attacks on Hindu temples and Durga Puja venues . `` They will be hunted down , '' she says . Modi has never , will never issue such a warning against anti-Muslim violence happening under his watch .
`` Disturbing Reports '' : India On Attacks During Durga Puja In Bangladesh - NDTV
Disturbing Reports : India On Attacks During Durga Puja In Bangladesh
Stooges who write in phoren media are afraid , they are having zero impact in India . So their ilk including Rana Ayyub who wrote paens in glory of doper Khan in international media will remain silent on Bangladesh hindu genocide . Such trivial matters will always find mentioned .
Don ’ t consider yourselves as minorities : Sheikh Hasina reassures Hindus High Commission in close contact with authorities , India notes Bangladesh government 's prompt response to attack on Hindu temples
Secretly entered the temple in disguise , placed the Quran at the feet of the gods and took tures.Hundreds of miscreants have attacked and vandalized the Durga Puja mandapa on the banks of Nanua Dighi in Kumilla district of Bangladesh by issuing that ture . 9 mandapas and
Dashami is always a sigh . Knowing pujo is over . A bigger sigh this year knowing what Hindus in Bangladesh had to face for celebrating Durga pujo .
Pity to see images of Durga idols desecrated in Bangladesh . It 'd be an even greater one if the govt and civic society allow the perpetrators to go unpunished . Liberals must stand up and be counted every time liberalism is threatened .
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 4 killed ; paramilitary force called in - The Hindu
Why is silent on attacks on Durga Puja by Muslim jihadis in Bangladesh ?
Hundreds vandalised several Hindu temples across Bangladesh . . File Photo .
Jamaat-e-Islami behind the pandal violence in Bangladesh , say officials :
Very unhealthy trend by Fundamentalists akin to militancy . Intolerance increases in region . Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 4 killed ; paramilitary force called in
Ichamati river at the border of the Indian state of West Bengal & Bangladesh : boats carrying Durga idols from both sides of the divide line-up for immersion . Every year on , this unique sight is witnessed here ( Image from Caravan magazine )
I strongly condemn the attack on Hindus and the vandalism of the idol of Goddess Durga by the extremist Islamic mob in which is unfortunate and disturbing . Stop hating Hindus .
Bangladesh : Islamists damage Durga Puja pandals , attack Hindus over a rumour of ‘ insult to Quran ’
Bangladesh : Multiple incidents of ‘ murti ’ vandalism ahead of Durga Puja
Bangladesh ‘ promptly ’ dealt with communal disturbances during Durga puja : India We are so easily & voluntarily giving clean chit to jehadi nation . YoY , Hindus & Temples will be eventually destroyed w/o stopping this repeated pattern .
Best Wishes on `` Subho Bijoya Dasami '' `` In some Bengali families , particularly those who trace their origin to erstwhile East Bengal or Bangladesh , it is customary to offer a bhog of fish , specially Hilsa Fish to the Goddess on the last day of the Durga Puja . ''
: `` Nobody will be spared . It does n't matter which religion they belong to . They will be hunted down and punished , '' says PM Sheikh Hasina after goons attacked a Hindu temple during in Dhaka , leaving 4 dead .
Hindustan Times : Bangladesh : Mob vandalise Durga Puja pandals , govt warns of tough action .
Durga puja pandals , Hindu temples attacked in Bangladesh : What India said
On Dussera , I wish v stand up & fight d evil attacks on Hindus across d Continent . Dis Durga Pooja has seen killing , looting & desecration of Durga Ma & Hindus in . May v b strong enuf 2 fight back & never let dis repeat .
NDTV : `` Disturbing Reports '' : India On Attacks During Durga Puja In Bangladesh .
Demography is Destiny ! ! Attacks across Bangladesh on Durga Puja Pandals . Have you heard anything in any mainstream media outlet of India ?
Pakistan was ranked at 92 position . Nepal and Bangladesh were placed at 76 rank . Jai Sri Ram Bharat Matha Ki , J ( Hope India is the country , only for Gujarati Banias )
Suvendu Adhikari urges PM Modi to take urgent steps after pandal attacks in Bangladesh - Hindustan Times via surgical strikes please ..
India recognises Bangladesh 's prompt steps to keep Puja festival peaceful
Bangladesh ’ s Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina announces zero-tolerance towards attackers of Durga Puja pandals via
Those attacking Durga Puja pandals will be hunted down , punished : Sheikh Hasina . Hindu temple in was vandalised by mobs during celebrations
18 Crude Live Bombs from a gate of Hindu Temple in Bangladesh . Clearly .
Situation DemandsHindus or Muslims , who kept the Qur'an in the temple , kept it for political reasons . A truly pious Hindu or Muslim will never do such a thing . Why should we accuse the entire religion for this heinous act of a reprehensible person ?
We complain about vandalism in Bangladesh , but what about d case in Punjab in which so-called kisans tried to disrupt Ramleela & humiliate a Sikh saint who had bn invited as chief guest . They threatened to beat him up for accepting an invitation from a Hindu organisation .
4 Dead , 16 Detained In Communal Violence During Durga Puja In Bangladesh
13th oct , someone put on a Quran book near the Hanuman idol in Durga puja 's Stage at Comilla District.Without evidence , thousand of aggressive Muslim people were attacked and fully destroy at that stage .
18 crude bombs found at Hindu temple in ’ s Khulna
13th oct , someone put on a Quran book near the Hanuman idol in Durga puja 's Stage at Comilla District.Without evidence , thousand of aggressive Muslim people were attacked and fully destroy at that stage .
IAMC today unequivocally condemned the desecration of Durga Puja pandals in Bangladesh . The attacks on the festivities , during which Hindu idols were vandalized , have reportedly led to the deaths of four people . 1/4
Any news from ? ? ? Have n't heard much about the since last evening ? ? Has the Govt able to control the Islamist attacks on Puja pandals and temples ? ! Do the minority Hindus there have a safe passage to Durga visarjan today given its jumma ? !
India On Attacks During Durga Puja In Bangladesh
Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina has said that the people behind the violence during Durga puja in Cumilla city will be hunted down & given `` appropriate punishments '' in order to stop the recurrence of such communal acts : Bangladesh media ( inputs from ANI )
Violence in Bangladesh during festivities is disturbing , says India Clashes had broken out in Chattogram , Kurigram and Moulvibazar districts as mobs allegedly vandalised temples and idols of Hindu deities .
Vijayadashami also marks the beginning of the harvest season . People seek the blessings of Mother Earth for a good harvest , peace and prosperity . Vijayadashmi and Dhakeshwari Temple , Bangladesh
Is a verified badge all that matters ? Most Indian media ended up citing a fake profile 'Bangladesh Hindu Unity Council ' in their coverage of the vandalism at the Cumila puja pandal in Bangladesh . Read Newschecker 's fact check here
Sheikh Hasina said on Durga Puja – India should also see that people should not be divided on the basis of religion , if incidents happen there , Hindus also have to face attacks in Bangladesh PiPa News
Durga Puja pandals vandalized in Bangladesh , fanatics also vandalized statues
“ Disturbing Reports ” : India On Attacks During Durga Puja In Bangladesh
`` Disturbing Reports '' : India On Attacks During Durga Puja In Bangladesh
In Bangladesh the sacred Durga Pandals have been vandalized and but the so called secular anti Hindutva forces did n't utter a word against it . The great leaders in opposition may be feel ashamed if they support hindus in Bangalsdesh
Vijayadashami also marks the beginning of the harvest season . People seek the blessings of Mother Earth for a good harvest , peace and prosperity . Vijayadashmi and Dhakeshwari Temple , Bangladesh
India calls Durga puja violence in Bangladesh ‘ disturbing ' , MEA says , 'in touch with authorities '
At least 3 killed , Durga Puja pandals vandalised in Bangladesh .
durga puja pandal attacked in bangladesh , should india sit and talk and find a solution with bangladesh , as minority population is on decline . according to recent census just 8-10 percent hindu left . once the percentage was 28 .
Violence in Bangladesh during Durga Puja festivities is disturbing , says India
What 's happened in thats our internal matter and we will deal that . Extremist heaven or any others have no right to talk or interfare . Bangladesh is role model of peaceful coexistence . to all Hindu community
A thread of local news reports on the attacks on the hindus in Bangladesh post the allegation of desecration of the holy book in a pandal at Nanua Dighir Par ( Nanua Lake Side ) , Comilla
Is there anyone accountable for last 2 days incidents from administration or police who should be resigned or fired immediately ? ? ? Can anyone share when miscrants were punished in Bangladesh for such acts ? ? ? ? Is Hindu community deserves an apology from ruling party ? ? ? ?
Fundamentalists are now trying to create a ruckus in a Durga Pujo Pandal , in Coomilla , Bangladesh…As a result Durgapuja has been stopped in Coomilla and in R. K . Mission in Dhaka . : Possibly , this is a tit for tat in Bangladesh .. !
In March , global media like Al Jazeera had declared riots against Hindus in Bangladesh as `` anti modi protests '' Now Durga idols are being destroyed across Bangladesh . Whole world silent . Because Hindus have been far too dehumanized by media all over the world .
Hindu crisis in Bangladesh .... if this actually happened ... this is ashamed
Hindu temples vandalised in during , four killed
Oct 15 , India ( many states ) , Bangladesh : Durga Puja A ten-day Hindu festival in South Asia that celebrates the victory of the ten-armed goddess Durga over the buffalo demon Mahishasura .
“ Disturbing Reports ” : India On Attacks During Durga Puja In Bangladesh
Unlike Pakistan , there is a strong stable government in Bangladesh . Actions will be taken . So relax . As far as Hindus .. we will come up trumps .. We have to make sacrifices . It 's other Hindus today . May be us tomorrow . But world will go The hindu way , told before .. telling again
Bangladesh : Goons attack Hindu temples during Durga Puja celebrations , three killed ; paramilitary deployed via
People are here protesting against and playing Muslim card and giving no of theories Meanwhile in Bangladesh the Durga Puja Pandal has been demolished by Bangladeshi Muslims We want India to be asap
Half century after its independence u think , w/GDP > India , has to be identified as “ East Pakistan bfr 1971 ” ? What does in ( Moghul empire bfr 1858 ) do to Muslims , & Hindu dalits ( so called ‘ untoucahables per ) ? Whr is tht news ? 1/3
Security heightened across Bangladesh to facilitate Durga Puja celebrations . 4 dead after clashes erupted after Muslim groups vandalised Durga pandals across places
Bangladesh PM Haseena promises to hunt down those who destroyed Durga pandals and punish via News9 : Latest News
Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina has issued a tough warning against those involved in the attacks on Hindu temples and Durga Puja venues at several places
“ Disturbing Reports ” : India On Attacks During Durga Puja In Bangladesh -India News Cart
“ Disturbing Reports ” : India On Attacks During Durga Puja In Bangladesh
A number of Kolkata residents held a silent candle light protest at Santosh Mitra Square , an iconic old venue , to express solidarity with religious minorities of . Perhaps the only puja committee to do this ..
India On Attacks During Durga Puja In Bangladesh
Now all secular power is silent because We are `` Shocked Absorbers '' and pure secular . But if this happened in India then World Muslims would be against India and our Secular Hindu was on Road .... ! I am secular but , I ca n't be silent on injustice . should attack Bangladesh
NDTV : `` Disturbing Reports '' : India On Attacks During Durga Puja In Bangladesh
Durga Puja in 2021 . With over 20 incidents of attacks and vandalism in less than 24 hours . This is called िजयादशमी
Bangladesh a hindu der upor howa moulabadhi der attyachar hoche keno jobab daw
Vandals attack in during , 3 dead ; paramilitary force called in
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 4 killed ; paramilitary force called in
Days before the attacks on dozens of Durga Puja Mandaps in Bangladesh on Oct 13/14 , the DMP chief had expressed his concerns over the online provocation . This report got published on Oct 11 .
India calls Durga puja violence in Bangladesh ‘ disturbing ` , MEA says , ` in touch with authorities `
ACHHE DIN ! “ दुःख भरे दिन बीते रे भैया अब सुख आयो रे | ” Means : Sad days passed , brother now comes happiness Now Indian surpassed Pak and Bangladesh in Poverty and Malnourishment . Jai Ho
Now the moronic coward greedy RSS BJP lead Modi gomt will Start Appeasement of Bangladesh too ! Imagine Shaikh Hasina threatened to genocide Hindus in Bangladesh for some non-existent Muslim oppression etc in Bharat !
In Bangladesh , it is a five day long festival and is celebrated in congregation . This the largest festival held at Dhakeshwari temple and Ramakrishna Mission in Dhaka . UNESCO and Vijayadashami
Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina has said that the people behind the violence during Durga puja in Cumilla city will be hunted down & given `` appropriate punishments '' in order to stop the recurrence of such communal acts : Bangladesh media ( File photo )
India On Attacks During Durga Puja In Bangladesh
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 4 killed ; paramilitary force called in
Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina has said that the people behind the violence during Durga puja in Cumilla city will be hunted down & given `` appropriate punishments '' in order to stop the recurrence of such communal acts : Bangladesh media
radicals attacked and vandalized Durga Puja mandaps in Comilla , Chittagong and everywhere in ... Hope , Indians will realize now as why the CAA is important .
In Bangladesh , it is a five day long festival and is celebrated in congregation . This the largest festival held at Dhakeshwari temple and Ramakrishna Mission in Dhaka . UNESCO and Vijayadashami
India terms reports of violence in Bangladesh during Durga Puja `` disturbing '' said Indian High Commission in close contact with govt & local authorities
In Bangladesh , it is a five day long festival and is celebrated in congregation . This the largest festival held at Dhakeshwari temple and Ramakrishna Mission in Dhaka . UNESCO and Vijayadashami
Bangladesh promptly dealt with communal disturbances during Durga Puja : MEA Pradeep Dutta with analysis .
Pradeep Bhandari : My blood boils on seeing the vandalised statues of Ma Durga . I can not tolerate this . No Hindu can tolerate the attack on Ma Durga 's idols in part of the world .
WHAT IS OUR GOVERNMENT OF INDIA DOING FOR THE HINDU COMMUNITY LIVING IN BANGLADESH IN CONNECTICUT WITH THE UNABATED AND UNBOUNDED ATTACK COMMITTED OVER THE OBSERVATION OF THE DURGA PUZA ?
Across Bangladesh , liberals have attacked and destroyed Durga idols . Where are Bengal 's intellectuals who told us Durga Puja is just a cultural festival ? And where are those who were praising Bangladesh as a great progressive liberal economic superpower ?
police shot dead four people as hundreds vandalized several temples after a footage of a Quran being placed on the knee of a figure of the Hindu monkey god Hanuman during a religious festival .
We would like to extend our best wishes to everyone in Bangladesh , Canada and around the world who are celebrating Durga Puja . Wishing peace and happiness to all . Happy Durga Puja !
police shot dead four people as hundreds vandalized several temples after a footage of a Quran being placed on the knee of a figure of the Hindu monkey god Hanuman during a religious festival .
police shot dead four people as hundreds vandalized several temples after a footage of a Quran being placed on the knee of a figure of the Hindu monkey god Hanuman during a religious festival .
“ Disturbing Reports ” : India On Attacks During Durga Puja In Bangladesh
Vijayadashami also marks the beginning of the harvest season . People seek the blessings of Mother Earth for a good harvest , peace and prosperity . Vijayadashmi and Dhakeshwari Temple , Bangladesh
Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina has said that the people behind the violence during Durga puja in Cumilla city will be hunted down & given `` appropriate punishments '' in order to stop the recurrence of such communal acts .
Durga Puja Violence : Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina assures 'appropriate punishments '
India : B'desh govt reacted strongly to it : India on vandalism of Durga Puja pandals
India : B'desh govt reacted strongly to it : India on vandalism of Durga Puja pandals
No Hindu people pray in Puja keeping Quran in Puja Mandap , it is created by few selfish quarters as conspiracy . Bangladesh Muslim believe other religious people 's freedom of religious performance .
4 dead in mob clashes with police in Bangladesh over temple vandalism
Bangladesh : Gift of Durga Puja . Attack on the temple of SriSri Lakshmi Narayan Jiu Tagore in Hajiganj , Chandpur district of BD . Manik Saha , publicity secretary of Chandpur district branch of Bangladesh National Hindu Youth Grand Alliance , was killed while guarding the puja mandapa .
India calls Durga puja violence in Bangladesh ‘ disturbing ’ , MEA says , ‘ in touch with authorities ’
The violence against Hindus in Bangladesh is a direct fall out of the victory of TMC in West Bengal elections . The extremists in Bangladesh feel that if their cohorts can rule and beat up Hindus in Hindu- majority West Bengal why ca n't they do the same in B'desh ?
Ambedkar had already warned us about what has happened in Bangladesh on Durga Puja . Muslim intellectuals must introspect why they remain hijacked by terror elements for centuries My take on with
Fanatic mob continue to dismantle Hindutva in Bangladesh as reports came of several incidents of demolition of Durga Puja pandals along with idols last night . Days are not so far when Hindus started to be aggressive .
Fanatic mob continue to dismantle Hindutva in Bangladesh as reports came of several incidents of demolition of Durga Puja pandals along with idols last night . Days are not so far when Hindus started to be aggressive .
India calls Durga puja violence in Bangladesh ‘ disturbing ` , MEA says , ` in touch with authorities `
What is the reason behind this ? Hindu attack ...
People of Hinduism in Bangladesh are performing Durga Puja makin 35,00,000 idol Mandap across the country in temples and field . Only 3 Mandap has been damaged by local disputed groups/political chaos between Hindu v Hindu & few Muslims that is n't religious communal chaos .
India Today : Vandalisation of Durga Puja pandals in Bangladesh 'disturbing ' , in touch with authorities : MEA . HIGHLY ALARMING SITUATION
In Bangladesh , the Qur'an has been desecrated by placing the holy Qur'an of Muslims at the feet of Hindu idols .
Priyanka Vadra has serious issues with RSS but is visibly happy with terrorists in Kashmir and Bangladesh and Hafiz Saeed , Masood Azhar etc . She shrugged her shoulders and brushed aside issues of destruction of Temples and Puja Pandals in Bangladesh in last two days !
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 4 killed
Latest : People behind violence during Durga puja in Cumilla city will be hunted down , says Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina . -As per media reports
Hindu pandals n even people 's being attached in Bangladesh is such sad incident . Still people being so aggressive n dying Bez of religion is shameful .
EVERY SHOULD BE THANKFUL TO QUAID E AZAM Muhammad Ali Jinnah PRAY FOR THE OF CAUSE VERY SOON THE GOONS OF // MAKE THEIR LIFE HELL
Bangladesh and West Bengal are competing each other to target and kill Hindus just like any lost brothers . That 's why they gave us mamta who is working hard so become one and area is totally Hindu free . Why did we help to free this evil anti Hindu nation ? Having pak on both sides
To all my fellow Bengalis living in entire world , this is time to Protest Brutal violence by radicals mob on Bengali Hindus in Bangladesh , mob went on rampage , destroyed Maa Durga Pratima , but our Intellectual 's are still silent . Will Anti-CAA gang come on the streets for protest ?
| Hindu temples in Bangladesh were vandalised by some unidentified miscreants during Durga Puja celebrations , prompting the government to deploy paramilitary force in 22 districts after three people were killed and many others injured in riots .
Those who attacked Durga pandals will not be spared , Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina gave a stern warning
: pandals vandalized , 4 dead ; here 's all you need to know , reports Aritra Singha (
Bangladesh PM addresses post the incidents of communal attacks on Durga pujas in Cumilla . Hasina says , 'Incident extremely sad over . Whichever religion the culprits belong to , they wo n't be spared . '
Bangladesh ‘ promptly ’ dealt with communal disturbances during Durga puja : India
Last 24 hours in Bangladesh : 1 . Several Maa Durga idols & amp ; pandals were vandalized . 2 . Temples were also attacked… Bangladesh
and have been in which is a sad incident . During , mob fired at Hindu temples in Chandpur district , killing three . At present , services have been suspended there .
Organized gangs attack Durga Poojas in Bangladesh
Madam , What do you say about the killing of Hindus by the Muslims in Bangladesh . The way Muslims have attacked Hindu temples and desecrated our idols . No condemnation from your side . Oh , you believe in the same Talibani ideology .
Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina said neighbouring countries like India should also be vigilant to ensure that religion is not used to divide people , against the backdrop of communal clashes in several parts of her country during Durga Puja .
Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina has said that the people behind the violence during Durga puja in Cumilla city will be hunted down & given `` appropriate punishments '' in order to stop the recurrence of such communal acts : Bangladesh media ( File photo )
PM Sheikh Hasina has said that people behind the violence during Durga puja in Cumilla city will be hunted down and given `` appropriate punishments '' in order to stop the recurrence of such communal acts : Bangladesh media ( ANI )
Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina has said that the people behind the violence during Durga puja in Cumilla city will be hunted down & given `` appropriate punishments '' in order to stop the recurrence of such communal acts : Bangladesh media ( File photo )
Attack on minority Hindus during Durga Puja in Bangladesh , Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina says culprits won ’ t be spared Successive attacks on Hindus in Pakistan , Mr Imran Khan silent or mute spectator
are hindu not in
Videos have emerged where violent Muslim mobs are seen pelting stones at makeshift Durga Puja pandals in Bangladesh . There are also reports of rampant loot and molestations
Attacks on Bangladesh s hindu community , and temple vandalism .
Communal violence during Durga Puja celebrations in ; 3 killed , 60 injured , Earlier in Cumilla , at least 50 people were injured as a group of religious extremists clashed with law enforcers in Nanua area over reports of `` demeaning the Holy Quran
Durgapuja stopped at Shankhanidhi Temple in Dhaka . Attacks on Durgapuja in many places in Bangladesh by J ! had ! elements .
Any Intelligent PM of India for even a day I would have partitioned Bangladesh into two : Hindu and Muslims . Instead Pissfart Bangladesh is partitioning Bengal into Two ! Midi and Shah are Duffers !
Hasina ’ s observations have come at a time when there is a growing perception in Muslim-majority Bangladesh that the condition of the Muslims in India has worsened since the change of guard in Delhi in 2014 .
Muslim fundamentalists attacked Durgapuja and Sanatan Dharma in Bangladesh . I appealed everyone about this heinous incident through strong protest and publicity .
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 3 killed ; paramilitary force called in
The Anti-Hindu violence in Bangladesh is alarming . At this rate they soon might become another West Bengal .
Attacks across Bangladesh on Durga Puja Pandals . Have you heard anything in any mainstream media outlet of India ?
Special thank you to my 8 new followers from Bangladesh , and more last week .
India is probably wary of making a bad situation worse since it is n't able to help the poor Hindu citizens of Bangladesh in any useful way & India 's public comments would only inflame anti-hindu passions in the rabid Bangladeshi Islamists who want to finish off Hindus everywhere .
Bangladesh Govt Should Protect Hindu Minorities in the Country : VHP .
Like every year , Durga Puja ended in violence & vandalism for Bangladeshi Hindus . 3 Hindus have reportedly been killed in the riots & many others injured . Indian govt should take up the matter of ensuring security of Hindu minority in Bangladesh .
Such kind of action always take place in bengal and Bangladesh during Durga Puja , Kali Puja Etc . Every year we write some post and keep mum for whole year . Is it our duty . How long The hindu Bengali tolerate ? ? ? ?
India should also ensure religion is not used divisively : Bangladesh PM Hasina . She did not link attacks on Hindu temples & puja pandals in past 36 hours in Bangladesh to any specific incident in India ,
More than 22 temples are attached and vandalised by muslim radicals in Bangladesh . Hindus are i threat now across the country .
Bangladesh : People Killed As Police , Mob Clash Over Alleged Quran Desecration
If somehow , you are born as Muslim , be like Indonesian not like Pakistanis . Indonesians respect their ancestors and their culture . Seems Pakistani plans in success on Bengali Muslims . in path of self destruction just like Pakistan .
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 3 killed ; paramilitary force called in
Root cause is He discriminated Hindus Temples demolished Temples overtaken by Govts Hindu festivals banned Sages mob lynched Minorities got maximum Govt help Minorities easily convert or murder Hindus Bangladesh youth get Indian Scholarship All provoke to attack
Bangladesh : People Killed As Police , Mob Clash Over Alleged Quran Desecration By Sharif Khiam At least four people were killed and dozens injured in southwest Bangladesh late Wednesday when law enforcement clashed with a mob protesting the alleged d ...
Ah ! Isn ’ t that beautiful ? ? We like it that way . Look out of ur window and see nothing changed after ur condescending word vomit on Twitter . Well lot happening in Bangladesh just in case ur more curious about Durga Puja .
Communal violence during Durga Puja celebrations in Bangladesh
The absolute masterpiece that Lajja is , revolves around a Marxist and an atheist man by a Hindu surname in Bangladesh . Still relevant after 25 years .
Sad to see such attacks happening on hindu minorities in just mere 100kms outside
Pakistan-backed Jamaat behind attacks on Durga Puja pandals in Bangladesh : Sources
Communal violence during Durga Puja celebrations in Bangladesh ; 3 killed , 60 injured | World News
Bangladesh ‘ promptly ’ dealt with communal disturbances during Durga puja : India
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 4 killed
India expressed concern over violence in Bangladesh on Durga Puja , said- we are in constant touch with Bangladesh government
Nobody will take stand on this because its on Hindu right ? If this thing would happen with any other religion the state would have declare war against Bangladesh .
Shri Manik Saha , assistant publicity secretary of Chandpur district branch of Bangladesh National Hindu Youth Grand Alliance killed who was guarded the Durga Puja mandap I express my strong condemnation , anger and hatred over this murder and demanding the execution of the killers
Phone call leak between Bangladesh BNP leader and grassroot workers claiming their people left Quran in Durga temple .
These types incident when a minority becomes in an area . Pic from Bangladesh on Durga Puja . that 's why we need CAA .
If it 's Jammath Islami who unleashed violence on Durga Puja in Bangladesh it 's Marxists here in Kollam , Kerala Vijayadashami Celebrations attacked by in Kollam . swayamsevaks & activists taken to hospital with hack wounds
The Vishva Hindu Parishad condemned the incidents of attacks on temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja and demanded the protection of Hindus in the neighbouring country .
Bangladesh : Durga Puja Pandals vandalized/burnt , 150 Hindu families attacked , 3 Hindus killed . The MEA says it ’ s “ aware of the attacks , & in touch with authorities. ” Why no condemnation ? If the GOI won ’ t denounce attacks on Hindus & advocate for their safety , who will ?
Sixteen bombs were recovered from the entrance of the Rupsha Mahasmashan Ghat temple in Khulna city Bangladesh on Thursday evening .
I always like festivals . Although I am a dark person with a lot of persistent negative thoughts , but it should not come between seeing and being in color . . Durga Puja 2021 . @ Dhaka , Bangladesh
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 3 killed
In Bangladesh , extremists ransacked temples and looted valuables of temples at Shaplapur Sushilpara universal Sri Sri Durga temple in Maheshkhali upazila of Cox 's Bazar district .
Several incidents of vandalism at Durga Puja pandals were reported in Bangladesh on Wednesday , after which the government has warned of tough action .
Security heightened across Bangladesh to facilitate Durga Puja celebrations
Whatever is happening in Bangladesh is not acceptable , you can not simply just hurt others religious believe . Specially not muslims in Muslim majority country . And after the bloody deaths in is alarming . May Almighty protect us from evil
India Condemns Attack on Hindu Temples in Bangladesh , Says 'We 're in Touch With Govt ' Shameful 'BANGLADESH ' act ! Ungrateful Country . They are Free because of India .
Silent protest at Sealdah , Santosh Mitra Square Puja Pandal , against the jihadi atrocities on Bangladesh hindus .. Thnx ji
Not one word on targeted attacks against Sikh , Hindu in Kashmir , India and desecration of innumerable temples in Bangladesh where minority Hindus are killed for worshiping Durga — violence unleashed by Islamic terror and jihadi mobs everywhere yet gives in to agenda/narrative
We demand safety of Bangladeshi Hindu Minorities . Raised fist
Just another day in the life of hindu minorities in a peacefool dominated country ...
We demand safety of Bangladeshi Hindu Minorities . Raised fist
Hindu liberals on Taliban : Poor people of Afghan save them . Same PPL on Palestine : Palestine lives matter . Same on death in Usa : Black live matter . But on hindu persecution by radical Islamist in bangladesh , Kashmir , Bengal etc : Shhh vro Secularism hai
Hindu Temples Attacked In Bangladesh During Durga Puja , 3 Killed : Report
One of the Mega Durga Puja Organizers Santosh Mitra Square Puja Committee , KOLKATA , WEST BENGAL protesting against the attack on Hindus , Hindu temples and Durga Pandals in Bangladesh
18 bombs found on the path of entrance of a temple in Khulna , Bangladesh
Deeply saddened by seeing the visuals coming out from Bangladesh . Maa Durga 's idols & pendals vandalised by Redical Islamist Goons in Cumilla , Kotwali Dhaka & parts of Chittagong I do n't understand what does they want Is this the teachings they are getting from there religion ?
Former Bangladesh High Commissioner was prevailed upon to sing at the Om Shanti Association UK Durga Puja in Manor Park this evening . Thank you for the invitation
Attack on durga puja pandal in Bangladesh Why media do n't cover it ? ? ? Secularism only for hindu
This is how Hindus were attacked and Mandirs along with Puja Pandals were Vandelised by the Radical Islamist who are more in number at Bangladesh . They have set a trap created a scenario to hamper Hindus and stop it 's religious practice .
The terrible attacks on Durga Mata Pandals in Bangladesh reminds us the horrifying Direct Action Day.Hindus need to be united at any cost to protect the entire global civilization.The continuous attacks on Hindus by muslims reveals the intention of Muslim Rulers who invaded India
The attacks on Hindus and vandalism of Durga Mata idols by the extremists in Bangladesh is unfortunate disturbing , I strongly condemn it.I aurge Bangladesh govt to take the steps to protect minority Hindus living there & punish the culprits.Ministry of Foreign Affairs , Bangladesh
Are you sleeping ? Hindus are attached by Islamist Groups in during Hindu 's biggest festival
Hindu population of Bangladesh in 1951 - 22 % Hindu population now - 8 % But yeah let 's take minority protection lessons from Bangladesh . Indians journalists are a joke ! !
I request the Indian Government to make pressure on Bangladesh Government to take action against those who vandalised the Durga Puja Pandal and broke the idols ........
India Condemns Attack on Hindu Temples in Bangladesh , Says 'We 're in Touch With Govt '
Incident : 3 18 bombs were found at the Rupsha crematorium in Khulna district of Bangladesh . The administration is defusing the bomb . Call on every temple committee to be careful .
Attack and arson at Noakhali Kali Temple in Bangladesh .
Do n't do this think what happen when hindu also doing the se thing . But in sanatam dharam we learn from Ram .
Another incident of attack by Islamic radicalis coming from . A Durga puja mandap was attacked , idol broken . Place : - District - Chandpur , Upojila- Hajiganj , Union- Rajar gaon .
Incident : 2 This morning , the central Hari temple of Lama in Bandarban district of Bangladesh was attacked . OC injured .
We demand safety of Bangladeshi Hindu Minorities . Raised fist
Wooo Bangladesh , congratulations
Getting details on the violence targeting Hindu communities in during festivities . Islamists accused the Hindus of `` blasphemy '' & wreaked death & destruction over the past 48 hours , just because the indigenous Hindus were celebrating their festival . 1/n
Save Hindu at Bangladesh
Wholeheartedly condemn the attack on Ma Durga and minorities in Bangladesh by taliban minded criminals .
Stand for Solidarity with Bangladeshi Hindu
Attacks on Hindu minority in Bangladesh amidst festival and prayers . People killed , temples vandalised :
Wake up Hindus ! but the Indian Hindus are very silent & sleeping well ! Will Bangladesh be another Afghanistan ?
after last day of nawmi will come , in this time shri RAM killed rawan ( enemy ) .
This is the last way to control fanatic Muslims of Bangladesh by showing them Army moving every temple . as they repeatedly vandalising temples of Hindu .
Hindu Temples Attacked In Bangladesh During Durga Puja , 3 Killed : Report
The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong . Protests are going on in the streets of Kotwali in Chittagong .
Pakistan-backed Jamaat behind attacks on Durga Puja pandals in Bangladesh : Will dare to 'SPEAK ' .
What I have been seeing Muslims do against Hinduism ( in bangladesh ) for the last one day , a virtuous Muslim can never support . We have been taught to help , not to interfere . There are many surahs and hadiths that tell in detail .
To all my fellow Bengalis living in entire world , this is time to Protest Brutal violence by radicals mob on Bengali Hindus in Bangladesh , mob went on rampage , destroyed Maa Durga Pratima , but our Intellectual 's are still silent . Will Anti-CAA gang come on the streets for protest ?
: Muslim mobs vandalize Hindu temples over Qur ’ an desecration
Trinamulis , Bangla Pokkho , Epar Bangla Opar Bangla crowd does not consider Hindu Bengalis as Bengalis . Their Bengali pride applies to illegal encroachers of Assam , but not to the Hindus of Bangladesh whose religious freedom is being trampled upon on the occasion of Durga Puja .
Dear Hindu , When you will start fight against the communal attacks ? When ? .. when ? ? .. when ? ? Nobody will save you from fanatics .. you have to fight your own battle . हर हर महादेव
Last 24 hours in Bangladesh : 1 . Several Maa Durga idols & pandals were vandalized . 2 . Temples were also attacked in the ensuing violence in Chandpur 's Hajiganj , Chattogram 's Banshkhali , Chapainawabganj 's Shibganj and Cox Bazar 's Pekua . 3 . Three people killed & many injured .
The pratima was burnt down by goons , a dhaki was knifed , the shivlingam was stolen . Still these two children with devotion in their heart were praying to the Devi where she stood a day before .
Very powerful , unequivocal and palpably genuine message from . This is what sets her apart from many of our neighbours . Must be reassuring for the Hindu community in . More power to her .
Many Indian Muzlims are defending demolition of pandals and idols of Maa durga in Bangladesh by comparing it with Babri . Babri was a illegal structure which was drought down . 42000 such structure are build over temples in our India . Such a dumb people
under attack
In Bangladesh it 's very urgent to deploy Army as repeatedly by fanatic Muslim vandalising Hindu temples .
India Condemns Attack on Hindu Temples in Bangladesh , Says 'We 're in Touch With Govt '
Bangladeshi Hindu population was eroding steadily before CAA . If anything , CAA has exposed & brought to surface violence against Hindus in Bangladesh . People are aware now . ( The Modi government 's dragging of its feet on this to notwithstanding . )
PM Sheikh Hasina 's reassures the Hindu community in , sends out a stern message against fundamentalism in the aftermath of violence during
please protect the Hindu minority of Bangladesh .
Today the whole world is silent , remember history repeating itself ! Status of Hindu in .
Indian govt Have noted action by Bangladesh govt & it 's support to Puja : MEA
Disturbing news on the basis of some rumours on social media the extremist muslim mobs attacked Minorities Hindus temples in Comila in some minorities lost their lives . Latest report says that the 1/2
Silent protest at Sealdah , Santosh Mitra Square Puja Pandal , against the j hadi atrocities on Bangladesh hindus ..
The Hindus are in Bangladesh is in danger .... The government is almost clam .. save Hindu of Bangladesh . We need help from and
Shame on bengladesh govt for not protecting hindu minorities . World has failed hindus.hindus are not safe in muslim majority .
India should declare itself as home land for Hindus and take up Hindu interests in international and bilateral fora .
In a shocking incident Islamic radicals has attacked Hindus in Bangladesh . They destroyed Navami puja mandap and damaged many idols . Here are the shocking images .
Once Bangladesh was also Hindu majority country . Now they ca n't even celebrate their own festivals .
This happened in Gujarat allegedly in the presence of an elected MLA . Mobs of RW goons invaded the famous and old islamic shrine of Rozi Roza . They forcibly placed an idol in the shrine and allegedly played abusive songs . Today , the same people are outraging on Bangladesh .
Hindu Bangalis are very well protected in Bangladesh cause the govt of the day is very sensitive on the subject . But its unfortunate that Indians would never understand , that u ca n't make Bangladesh more surrogate than it is presently .
What is happening in during Durga Puja will also now be classified as privilege ? ? ?
Massive attacks on Durga Pujo Pandals and Hindu Temples all over Bangladesh by Muslims , Muslim Mobs attacking and destroying temples and Pandals . These visuals are horrific . Hindus r being attacked n killed in all Islamic countries .no protection hue n cry for them anywhre .
Adhikari urges PM Modi to take urgent steps after pandal attacks in Bangladesh
Now they are producing Bangladesh violence as pretext to approve CAA while hiding real reason . Somebody mischievously dishonoured copy of Quran in BD and as a reaction miscreants desecrated sone temples and vandalised Durga pandals . We condemn both . Law must be upholded rather .
This has not been covered by USA Media but in Bangladesh there was a assault upon Hindu Temples by fanatics . Indian Hindu Partisans sometimes think USA is their friend , but USA establishment has not meaningfully addressed Hindu cultural concern in India .
Jamaat-e-Islami behind the pandal violence in Bangladesh , say officials
Eighteen bombs were recovered from the side of a temple in the southern district of Khulna in
Adhikari urges PM Modi to take urgent steps after pandal attacks in Bangladesh
What happened in Bangladesh today , it 's a pre planning game from Muslim community in Bangladesh . Shame on Bangladeshi Muslims .
Hindus aren ’ t safe in Afghanistan neither in Pakistan & nor in Bangladesh ! It ’ s high time India should be made a Hindu nation !
Why the world which boils over if a muslim anywhere cries of victimisation looks the other way if Hindus are lynched by Muslims . where have all the Hindus in Bangladesh gone .
Sir what is the benefits for sharing your wishes , if Hindu is not safe in India . Not taking sharing concern for Bangladesh and Pak hindu we are just vote bank . You do n't have any faith in Hindu and your supporters ...
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 3 killed ; paramilitary force called in via
Mamata Banerjee after hearing the destruction done by her Peaceful Brothers during Durga Puja in Bangladesh be like . They are our people give them CITIZENSHIP , LAND , JOB ... Ai n't it disrespect to Durga .. Will Mamata & Her Men Run Trend On this ?
Why mamata banerjee is not condemning this barbaric act of islamist . Islamist are radical and they demolish Hindu god MA Durga . If govt did n't act than people anger can cause more damage . Jay ma Durga .
in Bangladesh , but no support from progressive muslim groups and politicians ... HIndus and all minorities are left to fight for their own in BD .
Comilla Police arrested Foyej Ahmed ( 40 ) from Comilla.He first made a facebook live video at 7 AM on 13.10.21 from Durga Puja Mandap and said that Quran found below Hanuman idol.Police suspects that he may put Quran there to instigate violence .
Bangladesh : Don ’ t think of yourself as a minority , Sheikh Hasina tells Hindu community
Lots of violence committed against Hindus in Bangladesh on the occasion of Durga Puja . Total BS country !
Durga idol broken , thrown in pond as angry mob vandalises puja pandals in Bangladesh ; 'scandalous ' , says Hindu council
Hindu temples , Durga puja pandals vandalised in Bangladesh , 4 killed Download the Wion News App now : -Shared via WION
Bengali Hindus are attacked by Muslim in Bangladesh , why are you silent .
Kushal Baran Chakraborty , Professor & Eyewitness of the brutal violence by radicals on Durga Puja pandals in Bangladesh describes bone chilling details of the conspiracy against Hindus . Watch this exclusive interview on
Westen media and New York Times always report on attack on minorities in India but they remain silent on attack on minorities Hindu in Kashmir or Bangladesh or Pakistan ! Durga pandels are attacked in Bangladesh . Where is these liberal values ? ...
Government of is in close contact with Government on violent attacks by radicals ( possibly Jamaatis ) on Durga Puja mandaps in Comilla , Chittagong and elsewhere . ~
At least four people killed and dozens injured in Bangladesh after police opened fire during protests over footage of Quran desecration in Hindu temple
We demand the safety of Bangladeshi Hindus .
18 bombs Were found beside a Temple in Khulna , Bangladesh ...
should not allow to play if Bangladesh not respect our culture and Hindu religion !
When two groups of equal strength fight , it 's called a riot.When this fight becomes largely assymetrical , it becomes genocide . In case of Bangladesh , it 's a Hindu genocide
The Durga idol of Sri Shamshaneshwar Shiva Vigraha Mandir was vandalized by Is ! amic extremists in the Firingibazar area in Chittagong , Bangladesh .
pandals , Hindu temples attacked in Bangladesh — What India said said New Delhi is in close… ( via
Durga Puja Pandals Attacked In Bangladesh ; Crusaders Of Minorities Right ... via there wont be a xmas if you all dont wake up please time is up listen please im trying to help you but i need your help and now WAKE UP
Human like vultures are waiting to feed themselves on human misery . They have created hell for Muslims in India and wants Bangladesh And Pakistan to do same thing to their minority Hindu community . But unlike these people they are not following 5000 year old kulcha of atrocity .
Widespread attack on Durga Pandals across the . I have no words for people who still think that is a bad idea .
What you say about Bangladeshi Hindu Tortured by Muslims of Bangladesh ? Its shows double standard ?
In puja , Hindus are insult our Muslim Holy Quran . Some Muslim soldiers are protest them . But Crying face Crying face . ALLAH save our Muslim soldiers and Holy Quran . We want justice . Hope govt . Will take an legal action .
Bangladesh believe in communal peace and harmony . Hindu people have equal rights and honour like as Muslims . All are equal here .
The `` Voice of the voiceless '' has not written a single word on the violence against Hindus in Bangladesh during Durga Puja . Till now 9 Durga pandals , temples destroyed .
The Anti-Hindu violence in Bangladesh is alarming . At this rate they soon might become another West Bengal .
PM assured the Hindu community that they will continue to enjoy equal rights and freely celebrate their festivals as she promised strong action against those who indulged in violence and vandalism at temples & pandals in Comilla and elsewhere .
Dear Je - Diplomacy is good and so is neighborhood first policy but please do n't forget Hindu community in Bdesh in these tough times . Please atleast use back channels to support our people in Bangladesh
In puja , Hindus are insult our Muslim Holy Quran . Some Muslim soldiers are protest them . But Crying face Crying face . ALLAH save our Muslim soldiers and Holy Quran . We want justice . Hope govt . Will take an legal action .
News just received : What have these started in Bangladesh ? Bomb of Khulna Rupsa Crematorium temple found . RAB-6 unit recovered and disabled the bomb .
: `` Police say they have detained 43 people for inciting attacks and vandalising several Hindu temples in Cumilla and other parts of the Chattogram Range ''
As every political party and politicians trying hard to prove that He is only real and follow .... Do n't you think it 's the golden opportunity to declare Bharat as .
World goons will cry over blasphemous act in Bangladesh but whole world is tight lipped on grave human rights violation in IIOJK and persecution of Muslims in Palestine . And killings of Muslims in Assam recently .
West Bengal should learn that East Bengal was once filled with same intellectuals but turned into today 's Bangladesh once the demographics changed the land of Bose and Vivekananda is now a land of mob violence against innocent hindus .. ! !
Shouldn ’ t lodge a protest about the reports of desecration of puja pandals , pratima ( idol ) and forcible immersions in ! Where are the secular Pardesai , Parkha , Rrravish !
Wokes ! Its not disturbing when Hindus and Sikhs are not even allowed to cremate their people in Afghanistan Its not disturbing when hindus are called untouchable in Pakistan Its not disturbing when Durga Puja pandals are vandalised in Bangladesh .
pandals , Hindu temples attacked in Bangladesh — What India said said New Delhi is in close contact with authorities in Bangladesh .
Atrocity on Hindu religion in Bangladesh
At this moment , the Muslim fundamentalist country Bangladesh should be boycotted all over the world .
I request Prime Minister to take strong action against Bangladesh and revise their trade agreement . We need to teach those who attack Hindu community anywhere in the world .
What 's all this happening in Bangladesh ... hindus are minority that 's why muslims mob doing all this bullshit ... PM you need to watch is closely ..
Hi .. Award winning journalist .. we are waiting for ur grt opinion on Bangladesh Durga puja vandalism by secular Muslims ... So what u think about NRC ...
The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong . Protests are going on in the streets of Kotwali in Chittagong .
This is big let down by central Govt of Hindu minority people of Bangladesh . govt thru should 've called Bangladesh External affairs minister to lodge India 's protest on its people being persecuted for their faith & practices . At least now let'em talk
Holy Book Vs Facebook : Islamists in Bangladesh damage Durga Puja pandals , attack Hindus over a rumour of ‘ insult to Quran ’ via
Fundamentalist Muslims attack on Hindu minoties in Bangladesh . Destroyed Durga Puja Pandal & houses , three persons killed . I strongly condemne the incident .
The world Muslim community is asking you for help , the situation of Muslims in Bangladesh is bad , the current Hasina government is joining hands with Hindus , killing Muslims in Bangladesh , insulting the Qur'an ,
in .... are the example of failure of . . Please try to prevent another
Silent protest at Sealdah , Santosh Mitra Square Puja Pandal , against the j hadi atrocities on Bangladesh hindus ..
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 3 killed
Durga Puja can still happen in Bangladesh but not in Bengaluru , thanks to overzealous sickular It is a matter of shame for Indians .
Peacefuls spreading msg of peace by vandalizing Durga Pandals in Chandpur , Bangladesh . This is why CAA-NRC is needed !
No bhadra people of TMC to utter a word against hindu genocide in Bangladesh . Where is Mamta ba no . Hindus are enemy of Hindus that 's why Hindus festivals are vandalised in India and abroad.Time has come to introspect Hindus
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 4 killed
ATTACKS ON DURGA PUJA ON BANGLADESH - india should ask Bangladesh to protect minorities .
A Quran was placed where it was not supposed to be , some photos were clicked and a rumour was spread on Facebook . What followed next was brutal attacks against Hindus and their Durga Puja pandals in Bangladesh
Shame on a country which India freed from Pakistani who were raping and killing Avdesh i women and minors girl is now attacking Durga Puja pandals Ye mchod Bdeshi kabhi hindustan ka ahsaan nahi manege bchod kaum hi aise hai
Tasleem Rahmani refuses to blame RADICAL ISLAMISTS responsible for the violent attacks on Durga Puja pandals in Bangladesh . Watch him try to make a case using the Nehru-Liaqat pact argument . Watch this clip from debate .
We can not publish in a news what has happened in the last 24 hours . The Hindus of Bangladesh saw the real faces of some peaceful people . We do n't know what will happen in the future . But the Hindus of Bangladesh will never forget Durga Puja in 2021 .
This is what happen in in The extremist supported by and want to occupy Bangladesh and they are doing all these things . They want to create civil war in Bangladesh . terrorist terrorist .
Save the Hindu of
Radical elements are at it again . In Bangladesh Durga Puja Pandals were attacked violently . Hindus were injured in the violence . Idols were pushed in the river ! Anti-CAA lobby is silent ! ! ! Where is the Lutyens lobby ? 14-10-2021
Thanks to `` Indira-GaziNehru-Khan '' She liberated Bangladesh from clutches of Pakistan Islamic country . And made it Bangladesh Islamic country . Although both Pakistan & Bangladesh are part of `` Bharat-a Hindu country '' . Later she turns Bharat a secular country .
Wtf is going on Bangladesh is killed by Muslims
Attack on Hindu Bengalis continue in Bangladesh even during Radicals attacked Puja Pandal in Nanuna Par area of Comilla . People have been attacked ; Murtis vandalized Yet many in India think that they would be immune to demography change .
: Protesters shot dead after 'desecration ' of temples
We should bring our Hindu brothers and sisters in India and we should send extremists Muslims to Bangladesh . ( Rohingyas ) Hindus of India should do the same with Rohingyas .
Where is Save Hindu of Bangladesh save Temples of Bangladesh
Bangladesh : Islamists damage Durga Puja pandals , attack Hindus over a rumour of ‘ insult to Quran ’
. have u seem this ? ‘ Hindu temples in Bangladesh have been vandalised prompting the government to deploy paramilitary force in 22 districts after four people were killed ’
Had to share this ....
Save hindu of Bangladesh where is
Muslims Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 3 Hindu people killed shameful act by Bangladeshi Muslims
Durga puja pandals , Hindu temples attacked in Bangladesh : What India said -India News Cart
Bangladesh : Islamic extremists vandalize multiple Durga Puja pandals , three Hindus reported dead Source : `` OpIndia '' via Dailyhunt Is there any say about this ..
Bangladeshi hindus has been killed by spreading the fake news so-called misuse of Quran . Many durga pandals has been vandalised by the mob . #
peaceful community spreading peace among peacefuls in a peaceful country . Islamists in Bangladesh damage Durga Puja pandals , attack Hindus over a rumour of ‘ insult to Quran ’ .
The Government of Bangladesh `` promptly '' dealt with the miscreants who tried to disturb Durga puja celebrations in Comilla district , said an official . | reports
The attacks are being mounted on the minority Hindu community & their places of worship in . Left progressive forces of Bangladesh are resisting against the communal forces . Bangladesh Govt is also taking steps against rioters . Defeat fundamentalism of all hues .
There is less hunger in Bangladesh , Nepal and , hold your breath ! Pakistan , than in India The Hindu : Global Hunger Index ranks India at 101 out of 116 countries . via
There was an anti-Hindu pogrom in Bangladesh yesterday with several injured & murdered . It began after an image of a Hindu temple was posted , with the Quran under the feet of a statue of a Hindu god . Today it was revealed the image was faked by Islamists to start the riot ...
After seeing recent attacks on Hindus in Bangladesh on Durga puja , we Indian should now realise that liberating Bangladesh in 1971 was a mistake , we would have rather captured it and merged with India .
Respected please initiate the process of CAA and NRC in Bengal now .. after what we have witnessed in Bangladesh in this Durga Puja we can not take any further risk .. Already Muslim population has sharply increased to 30 % in Bengal ..
Recent Attacks on Hindus in Bangladesh . The Plights of Bangladeshi Hindus . Sad Durga Puja ... 13 October 2021 West Bengal B.desh
Islamic goons attacked Hindus in Bangladesh.There will be no international outrage bcz victims are Hindus , No liberandu will raise voice but we have to raise voice.3 Hindus killed over 60 injured .
There is a massive conspiracy to destabilize India and dislodge Modi Govt from within , Pakistan and China . Hindus not only in India but also in Pakistan & Bangladesh are in danger . Recent hindu killings in Kashmir and ransacking Durga Puja pandals are the glaring examples .
Although after seeing the plight of the Hindus and vandalism of Durga pandals in Bangladesh , I feel blessed to be safe in India . But ca n't stop but point out that this has been the worst Durga Puja I have had here at . Thr were a total of 3 'community ' puja organised .. +
Bangladesh : Muslim mobs vandalize Hindu temples over Qur ’ an desecration
Disruption in Durga mata pandal in Bangladesh . Minorities are not safe in Bangladesh too .
From the point of view that you believe that placing the holiest book for the human race , the Quran on the foot of an idol in a Puja Mandap by a group of chaotic religions was a grave sin that defiled Islam , Then why not breaking the idol is unfair on the same belief ?
While they 're busy dismantling Hindutva . The biggest example of changing demographics a threat to Hindu existence is W Bengal & Kerala . Perfect time to mass implementation of in Bharat .
During Durga Puja attack in minority in Bangladesh . It 's very critical matter it 's not good for any democratic country . Request Immediate action by Bangladesh govt .
Durga Puja celebrations being prevented in Bangladesh , ca n't the administration see ? ? Has the world gone blind ? ? ?
Durga Puja celebrations being prevented in Bangladesh , ca n't the administration see ? ? Has the world gone blind ? ? ?
Durga Puja celebrations being prevented in Bangladesh , ca n't the administration see ? ? ? Has the world gone blind ? ? ?
Durga Puja celebrations being prevented in Bangladesh , ca n't the administration see ? ? ? Has the world gone blind ? ? ?
Durga Puja celebrations being prevented in Bangladesh , ca n't the administration see ? ? ? Has the world gone blind ? ? ?
A friend from Bangladesh sent this video .. Hindu Spirit Never Dies ! !
Jo apna bhagawan ko maar sakate haan or haar saal jhutha mafi mangte haan ( Muharram ) pa vo dusare ke bhagawan ki izzat kaise kar sakate haan this kind of behaviour done with muslim in Israel or in india then whole world muslim criticize them 'allah are you exist ?
Bangladesh : Goons attack Hindu temples during Durga Puja celebrations , three killed ; paramilitary deployed-World News , Firstpost
Pakistan-backed outlawed Jamaat-e-Islami hand behind attacks on Durga Puja pandals in Bangladesh suspected . PM Hasina assures minority community all support — My report ⁦ ⁦ —
The so called intellectual Bengalis of Calcutta are keeping totally silent , as if there has been no violation of human rights of the hindu Bengalis in Bangladesh . They are scared to tell the truth .
police shot dead four people after hundreds vandalised several temples across the -majority nation , officials said
Muslims in Bangladesh look after your fellow Hindu brothers and Sisters , look what happened in Delhi riots lets not be like them .
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 4 killed
All Hindu brothers and sisters please return back to your country India
Had this happened to a Church or a Mosque in India , imagine the furore . Because it 's a Hindu temple , may not see headlines tomorrow morning .
0 reasons for Muslim inclusion in CAA BUT .. ! ! 1000 .. reasons for Non-Muslims .. !
The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong . Protests are going on in the streets of Kotwali in Chittagong .
In face of criticism , the Awami League has cancelled nomination of two Brahmanbaria leaders -- charged by police with vandalising and attacking Hindu houses and temples in Nasirnagar five years ago .
is not good enough to counter jihadist in our country but he is funding madrassas which promotes Jihad but still Muslim hate him why he do n't understand the reality ? ोदी_राजधर्म_निभाओ
We can not publish in a tweet what has happened in the last 24 hours . The Hindus of Bangladesh saw the real faces of some people . We do n't know what will happen in the future . But the Hindus of Bangladesh will never forget Durga Puja in 2021 .
No one paid for hindu attacks .
Today , when we are celebrating Durga Puja here , I am terrified by the attacks & desecration of DurgaPuja Pandals & temples & killing of Hindus by Islamist Mobs all over Bangladesh . The Librandus here will still oppose CAA . It is time for GOI to warn Bangladesh .
Bangladesh , Afghanistan , Pakistan or Delhi , Maharashtra or Bengal . Every place is disrespectful towards hindus . Wether we are divided or united , A hindu should be powerful as an individual , and the world will have to bow down to us
Durga puja pandals , Hindu temples attacked in Bangladesh : What India said
Even one Durga idol getting desecrated or vandalism at one pandal should come off as a crying shame for a country . In Bangladesh , things are so frequent now that the mayhem has become real and worse .
Attacks on Durga Puja Pandas and statue In Bangladesh by extremists Puja
I was wondering has said anything about the attack on Hindu 's in Bangladesh ? He was Quick to Call Gau Rakshak 's goons , why the hesistancy now ?
5 people is killed by In protest against hindu 's for insulting their holy book Quran
'Manik Saha , a young Hindu man , was killed by a radical islamist mob for trying to save a Durga Puja pandal from being attacked.Why does n't 'secular ' ANTI CAA gang come out on the streets for Manik ? '- Watch DALEEL on on JANTA KA MUKADMA
Raise your Voice against Attack on durga pandals in Bangladesh .
Bangladesh has shown lowly mentality destroying MaDurga Deities , desecrating Dussehra Stage and killing devotees . Converts , not Muslims of Arabic origin doing this whn Arab countries r allowing Hindu temples on their soil . Genuine Muslims r genuine Muslims . Converts r Converts .
Jihadi mobs in Bangladesh attacked Durga Puja pandals , broke idols , 4 Hindu devotees killed
Pakistan-backed Jamaat behind attacks on Durga Puja pandals in Bangladesh : Sources
Next year , this should be theme of Puja of the one which deted Durga in Detention Camp . This theme will explain , why Durga is fleeing Bangladesh right from 1947 to 2021 .. & why she ended up in Detention Camp . Wish Durga came into India by 1971 & left that cursed land forever .
Bangladesh government shuts down internet services in Chittagong to prevent news of attacks on Hindu minorities from leaking our into social media . These attacks on Hindu minorities have increased on the most holiest festival Durga Pujo .
Today in 3 deaths & more than 20 injured . Also destroyed couple of Durga Pandal . Where are our secular people . Why not they are raising voice against this incident .
Massive attacks on Durga Pujo Pandals and Hindu Temples all over Bangladesh , Muslim Mobs attacking and destroying temples and Pandals - Foreign media
At least 2,000 unnamed people were sued in two cases filed over the attacks on puja mandaps and the police-mob clashes in Chandpur 's Hajiganj upazila last night following the reported incident of `` demeaning the Holy Quran '' in Cumilla .
Jehaadi in Bangladesh vandalised Durgaji idols , Durga pandal , killed worshippers.This is just an example of violent treatment Muslims do against minorities in Islamic countries
I am requesting to to change their name to Abrahamic human right because they only see suppression and atrocity in Muslim , Christians and juice religion they do n't care about any other religion .
Why get offended with other beliefs . They always attack and kill non-muslims but unfortunately vice-versa never happens . why should not non-muslims hate them ? Heaven is where no Muslim lives and Hell is where Muslims live .
Dear Hindus , Even if you don ’ t watch news or even if you are into ‘ I don ’ t like politics ’ mode , pls watch , read and understand what is happening to Hindus in Bangladesh . Puja Pandals broken , Temples desecrated and Hindus asked to simply convert or die .
.. Every Muslim in India should be beaten upto death whenever there is such humiliation of any Hindu in any country Jai Shri ram
Save Hindu .
Graph of decline hindu population in Where is ?
Finally Jihadis who put koran on the lap of hanuman near the gate of a durga puja pandal in Bangladesh are arrested . Because of them crazy Islamists destroyed many pandals . People should have freedom to practice religion as well as freedom to be critical of religion .
Comilla ( Bangladesh ) - Fanatics attacked the shrine of Shri Durga Devi in ​​Nanua Dighi area here . At that time , fanatics destroyed the tent and smashed the idols of the deities . The attack came after rumors of desecration of the Kuran .
In the constitution of Bangladesh , there is the state religion Islam , those who have insulted the Holy Quran want to be hanged , no Muslim has done this , #
Save hindu and other minorities
It 's the time stand with our brother muslim jihadi attacking and destroying durga pandals and temple
What about the plight of Hindus in Bharuch , Gujarat ? ? `` Flight '' of Hindus in a Hindu Majority Country .... The destination to save Hindus in Bangladesh should be via stopping exodus in Bharuch .......
Attack , on hindu minorities in during durga puja , is very concerning , 3 People has been killed and many injured by radicals .
Or karo muslim friendship
Communal violence throughout Durga Puja celebrations in Bangladesh ; 3 killed , 60 injured Dhaka : At ...
Do n't call this m * * * n from TMC on debates , he is blinded by hatred & Momta Bano He does n't see Bangladesh & WB condition but talks about Durga Puja celebrations in UP . That 's I call the mental bankruptcy of especially of Bengali 's of Waste Bengal , the reason Momta is the cm
Here comes an another m * * * n whatever be the to these pseudo will bring RSS into it . Logic of these i * * * s is bcoz a disputed structure was brought down so the Hindu 's are been targeted in Bangladesh .
: Update on communal violence and attacks by mobs during on Police have detained one Fayez Uddin , who initially posted the video on social media , and are questioning him for information The probe body will submit a report within 3 days
Strongly condemn the attack on durga puja in bangladesh . Indian govt should work with bangladesh govt to ensure the protection of minorities in bangladesh
Unpopular opinion : several hindu actors become muslim activist just to get movie in urduwood.whereas remain completely silent on actual minority issues in pak , Bangladesh , Kashmir . Same goes on with secular politicians of India ..
Durga pandals attacked , looted , idols broken , 3 killed . Minority Hindu persecution continues in Bangladesh . Human rights champions , minority rights activists absconding ? No Hindu lives matter ? - Serious questions raised by
Hindus being persecuted since last 100 years in Bengal . Are Hindus not humans ? Why in the hell showing humanity to persecuted Hindus is anti Muslim ? If so , then I have to believe that Islam is anti Human
This is happening and its exactly the reason for Hindus to demand India to be a Hindu Rastra . This will happen if minorities are not checked . Whoever advocating for democracy should know , its because of majority Hindus & not because of Muslims .
Shame to see that Hindus aren ’ t able to celebrate Durga Puja properly in Bangladesh due to religious violence
Bangladesh police shot dead four people after hundreds vandalised several Hindu temples across the Muslim-majority nation , officials said Thursday .
While attacks on Hindus and Hindu places of worship is nothing new in Bangladesh , after the current violence against Durga Puja pandals , many in the Bangladesh government and other ‘ intellectuals ’ are busy blaming the social media
Bangladesh : Islamists damage Durga Puja pandals , attack Hindus over a rumour of ‘ insult to Quran ’
Massive attacks on Durga Puja Pandals and Hindu Temples all over Bangladesh , Muslim Mobs attacking and destroying temples and Pandals . These visuals are from Chandpur .
Bangladesh : Multiple incidents of ‘ murti ’ vandalism ahead of Durga Puja
Where is United Nations , The international community , when Hindu 's are being hounded in Bangladesh ? ? There lives do n't matter ? ? Where are you
Bangladesh : Durga idol broken , thrown in pond as Muslim mob vandalises puja pandals , three Hindus reported dead
Communal violence during Durga Puja celebrations in Bangladesh ; 3 killed , 60 injured
puja organisers switched off lights and wore black bands on evening for 10 minutes to protest against vandalism at the pandals in
Hindus of Bangladesh are facing the worst kind of persecution . Islamist are attacking durga puja across Bangladesh .
Hindus being attacked in Bangladesh .. Durga Puja Pandals being vandalized & attacked by Jihadis.I now request our own coward minister & to go into deep sleep and do nothing about it . IAS Babus must be getting good cup of tea . . Acche Din
Inhuman atrocities on Hindus done by violent Islamic mob are now common there . When comes to Bangladesh , India never raises its voice . Please raise this concern to Bangladesh n provide relief to them . N m still surprised why people say there should be no Islamophobia ?
What happens in Bangladesh today will happen in Bengal tomorrow and all of India day after tomorrow if India is not declared Hindu Rashtra . Jai Sanatan . t
of killed Hindus during Durga Puja in
Attacks during Durga Puja in Bangladesh disturbing , in touch with authorities , MEA says
Bangladeshi Hindu under attack See the minority chart of Hindu in Bangladesh .
Protesters shot dead in Bangladesh after claims of Koran 'desecration ' in Hindu temple
News coming from Bangladesh , Muslims in Bangladesh should take care of Hindu brothers , otherwise they will lose the right to speak for muslim brothers in India !
Why is WION not covering what 's been happening in Durga Puja Pandals in Bangladesh ? Hindus are being targeted & killed with Durga Puja Pandals being vandalized .. Why is n't WION covering it ?
Bangladesh : Islamic extremists vandalize multiple Durga Puja pandals , three Hindus reported dead Source : `` OpIndia '' via Dailyhunt Download Now
Humanity is at stake . Bangladesh is burning . Extremists have vandalized deities all over Bangladesh.Women , girls have been molested.Hindu genocide is going on ..
Radicalized groups vandalized Durga Puja in Kumilla , Bangladesh . The attacks on little minorities is a major human rights problem in Bangladesh . Bangladeshi Govt . have to do something in this issue . Indian democratic govt . have to make pressure on Bangladeshi Govt .
Bangladesh ’ s biggest Hindu festival sees attacks on temples and Durga Puja pandals via
Like every year , Durga Puja ended in violence & vandalism for Bangladeshi Hindus . 3 Hindus have reportedly been killed in the riots & many others injured . Indian govt should take up the matter of ensuring security of Hindu minority in Bangladesh .
`` problem is NO MUSLIM will condemn this ... no protests .. no posters .. and then the say .. people doing atrocities are not good muslims ... HERE ... THERE ... EVERY SINGLE PEICEFUL IS THE SAME . ''
This is the attack on hindutv Bangladeshi hindu are unsafe
: Attacks during Durga Puja in : says mission in close contact with local authorities | India News - Times of India
After the attacks on several Hindu temples in , Border Guard Bangladesh personnel have been deployed in 22 districts of the country . Four people have died and dozens have been injured in these attacks .
1.1 In the festivity of Durga Puja , many places in Bangladesh , including Kumilla , is reporting news on ongoing violence , idol vandalizing & death . This is not expected and condemable .
Durga Puja 2021 : BJP furious over vandalism of idols at Durga Puja pandal in Bangladesh , Shubhendu seeks PM Modi ’ s intervention
# Durgapuja Pandals vandalised in Bangladesh Did we create Bangladesh for this ? It is sad to see the religious bigots attacking puja pandals and killing 3 persons from Hindu Bengali Community . These radicals have forgotten as to how their honour was screwed by Pak soldiers . 2 ..
Is it the beginning of anti-Hindu violence like the six months long anti-Hindu riots of 2013 whose news were completely blacked out in India . Congress was in power at that time . Fortunately , Bangladesh government is taking appropriate actions this time around . Hope it works .
The persecution continues in Noakhali : 150 Hindu families attacked over ‘ Quran insult ’ rumours as Bangladesh sees a bloodied Durga Puja Home Ministry is not initiating any actions as though “ Bangladesh ” is not part of India and Indian government has no jurisdiction on Bangladesh
Maa durga idols destroyed and thrown in river .. this is how secularism looks like ..
Durga Puja Violence In Bangladesh 'Disturbing ' , High Commission In Close Contact With Authorities : MEA .
150 Hindu families attacked over 'Quran insult ' rumours in Bangladesh , Durga Puja pandals destroyed via OpIndia_com
Bangladeshi militants begin to vandalize Mother Durga idol . It happens every year during Durga Puja.Why is the government so quiet ? Why not exercise power ? It is now necessary to prevent the infidelity of the Hindu deities and the Hindu deities .
Hindus should observe caste at home . When you come out of the house , you should realize that you are a Hindu
Bangladeshi Muslim are 3rd class people they are ulgy pathetic they are like dirty pigs they do n't know this Hindus made them and they can destroy them 2
Hindusthan needs to support Hindus and their festivals in Pakistan and Bangladesh . Hindu blood boils looking at these Mecca gazers . If islam knows only to destroy then the destruction will turn around and hunt them to posterity.Countries have no kind words to Islam even unstated .
News coming in from Today 14.10.21 at noon , a huge crowd gathered at Lama Hari temple . But few policemen and deployed there tried to resist and got injured . Stone pelted . Later RAB came and dispersed the islamic mob .
Jamaat-e-Islami behind the pandal violence in Bangladesh , say officials
three Hindues are Brutally killed in Bangladesh for Durga Pooja Celebration
Bangladesh PM ordered the criminals behind spreading communal attacks and propaganda be identified and punished as an example . PM donated three crore takas for the , party volunteers are mobilised to protect Hindu temples .
8 muslim killed in Bangladesh by hindu backed police .
Attacks on Durgapuja pandals & vandalism of Durga mata idols at many places in Bangladesh .. This is the reality of secularism .. This will become normal in India as well once they become majority or atleast 40 % + .. Their minority card works , your wo n't ...
What happenned to messiahs of Secularism in India tightlipped now over the massacres of minorities in Bangladesh ? Lesftist liberal might be enjoying at the sight of these genocides in BD . Kavita K , Suwara B , Janeudhari hindu Rahul & Priyanka along with Anotino Maino ?
I m urging all my hindu brother 's start economic blockade . create a hindu ecosystem . If you want purchase any groceries or anything purchase from hindu traders
Three Hindues are Brutally killed for Durga Pooja Celebration
Yes she is hindu & she lives in bangladesh .
Can find a solution to online communal incitement in South Asia ? In Bangladesh this week , an anti-Muslim video on Facebook caused anti-Hindu violence .
If Bangladesh wants to secure its future from being hijacked by communal elements and Muslim extremists , then the government has to take stern action and successfully prosecute the culprits who attacked Hindu templs last night . Merely saying we will take stern action wo n't do .
The veto of violence that the Muslim community exercises is paramount & all-pervasive . It is a function of this street veto that no law seems to control the menace of Islamism . A significant read via via
Dear Peaceful Community Spreading Peace Everywhere .... This Is Really Disturbing ... Shame On Those People .. We Are Celebrating Durga Puja In India , So Peacefully And Grandly ... Thank God That We Are Born In India . Please respect Festival .
Durga Pandals set to fire , idols demolished , temple vandalised in Bangladesh . 4 devotees already reported dead . GOI engaged with B ’ Desh Govt . No reaction from Rahul , Priyanka , Tharoor , Owaisi , Mayawati , Akhilesh etc . Mamta silent . They all find it acceptable ?
thanks to bangladesh government for standing with hindu community . bangladesh understand value of minority but India not save the minority
When two groups of equal strength fight , it 's called a riot . When this fight becomes largely assymetrical , it becomes a genocide . In case of Bangladesh , it 's a Hindu cultural genocide .
Communal violence during Durga Puja celebrations in Bangladesh ; 3 killed , 60 injured | In Hindi .
Islamic fundamentalists are still carrying out atta cks by campaigning agai nst minorities.Some time ago Hindu temples were attacked , trains were set on fire.Often these people escape punishment . It is the responsibility of the Bangladesh government to punishsuchpeople .
Bangladesh : Muslims engage in multiple attacks , desecration of Durga idols ahead of and during Hindu festivities - via
Navami puja at Boro Banik Bari , Dharmapur village , Feni ( part of undivided Noakhali dist ) , Bangladesh . Durga Puja of Banik family dates back to 1835 . It takes place in their ancestral Durga temple which is also 186 years old . Source - Anik Banik 's FB TL ( hope he wo n't mind ) .
Who are they to stop Durga puja , is Bangladesh now changing to pre independence East Pakistan , is Bangladesh now under Taliban regime like Afghanistan ?
: The Hindus of Bangladesh do n't have the courage to put the Quran at the feet of their idol , and s will not remain silent after seeing it . It 's a cold-headed conspiracy . In fact , every year in I was afraid of something like this happening . Ashamed !
ामनवमी Attack on Hindus & Pooja Pandals in Bangladesh is actually conspiracy of to disturb -Bangladesh Relations . Failed in Pak now sponsoring radicalization in B'desh must act to save Bangla Hindus
Strongly condemned attack on Durga Puja Pandal in Bangladesh it will never be tolerated by any Hindu of the world
Shameful act has happened in . Minority are k ! lled , r and insulted by . I request government to take immediate steps to stop . ( Muslims ) Do n't deserve to be called as humans .
On , whn Hindus across the world were offering prayers to Maa Durga , radical Islamists in Bangladesh we…
visuals of ma durga vandalised and murdered minorities in are horrific tolerance is 1 dimensional after all
Religious fanatics oppose worshipping Goddess at Shri Durgadevi Temple in Dhaka ( Bangladesh ) Insecurity in Hindus and their religious festivals in Bangladesh ! Move the Idol to another place and install it there !
Durgapuja festivity is going on . In Comilla town of bangladesh some `` miscreants '' kept a copy of qura'an shariff beneath an idol in an open ares with clear intention to k up hindu persecution . Bangladesh govt is not that fool to investigate among hindus , but they did that .
Attack on Durga Puja at cumilla in Bangladesh by Peaceful community
Jihadi mobs in vandalized Durga Puja pandals in several cities , broke idols , 4 Hindu devotees killed , Watch in Tonight at 9
Bengali Hindus in Bangladesh are not safe.Bengali Hindus are not allowed to worship Durga Puja Wherever there is worship , religious fundamentalist Muslims are coming and demolishing temples and Durga idols.Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina , why are you silent ?
Muslim mob have demolished 9 Durga mandapas and idols in Comilla , .Hundreds of radical Muslims attacked yesterday and The attack is still going on . Situation is still tense.Hindus are frightened , Police failed to control mob
बांग्लादेश में पूजा पंडालों में Muslim कट्टरपंथियों ने मूर्तियां तोड़ीं , पंडाल उखाड़े ... We must have to solve the mental disease of fundamentalists otherwise what is happening in Afghanistan , Pakistan and Bangladesh will happen in India soon .
The law and order situation in Bangladesh is truly disappointing . There is targeted attack on religious minorities during Durga Puja . Human Rights organizations must step in
Where is the anti CAA lobby , where they are hiding after the attack on minority community in Bangladesh , Goddess Durga deity & puja pandel vandalized in front of Police personal , we demand strong action against perpetrators .
The law and order situation in Bangladesh is truly disappointing . There is targeted attack on religious minorities during Durga Puja . Human Rights organizations must step in
Muslims can freely and peacefully Celebrate whole month of Ramzan in Hindu majority nation India but Hindus ca n't celebrate even 9 days of Navratri in Muslim majority state Bangladesh . This is why CAA & NRC are necessity !
Hindu lives Matter Hindus ki11ed in Izlamic country Bangladesh .
Really concerned about the and its Branches in other towns of . Quite a large footprint . Hope the monks are safe . As indeed all other Hindu Religious institutions in BD .
This is not the first instance when hindus have been targeted by lsIamists in Bangladesh . 1989 : 600 temples were destroyed 1990 : 45 temples were destroyed and 500+ hindu houses looted and burnt 1992 : 3600 temples were destroyed and 2.8k hindu houses brunt .
now in bangladesh after some bengali hindu can not celebrate durga puja in west bengal also see after 10years if we not change our secular mind & after 20 years tyou are not see any bengali hindu in west bengal
see how the puja pandals are attached and destroyed in Bangladesh Forbes of people attacking the pandal visuals from chandpur
Have you heared about the attack of Hindu temples and HINDHUS in Bangladesh , , then what is the need of this help for such a jihadist Nation , , ,
Fack rumors on Facebook insulting Quran , jihadis attacked Durga pandal & break the idols , manhandled the hindus woman ! Bangladeshi hindus in danger .
Why is news from Bangladesh surprising ? Durga Puja and Hindu festivals are banned in many part of India Itself
This video is proof of Love & Blessings showered upon Hindus in Bangladesh by their Muslim neighbours . In their enthusiasm they are celebrating Durga Pujo in their own unique way . They do it the same way in Bengal , what ’ s the Big Deal ?
Hindu minorities are attacked again in Bangladesh . Several Devi Durga idols and pendals were denigrated . Such is the state of Hindus in non-Hindu majority regions .
Their is no alternative to second assisted migration of all muslims from West Bengal to Bangladesh and all muslims need to be pushed out of India and India should be declared a Hindu state along with all such idiotic TMC supporters and TMC persons coming on TV to defend them
The persecution continues in Noakhali : 150 Hindu families attacked over ‘ Quran insult ’ rumours as Bangladesh sees a bloodied Durga Puja
Goons attack Hindu temples during Durga Puja in Bangladesh , 3 killed ; paramilitary force called
The persecution continues in Noakhali : 150 Hindu families attacked over ‘ Quran insult ’ rumours as Bangladesh sees a bloodied Durga Puja
A string of attacks on various Durga Puja pandals and Hindu temples have taken place in Bangladesh in the last two days . Paramilitary forces have been deployed to control the situation .
Hindu festivities under attack in Bangladesh year after year . Durga Puja being most prominent festival of hindus in Bangladesh is intentionally attacked by islamists to loudly proclaim superiority of their religion over others
All liberal are quite attacking in Bangladeshi Mazahabi people in Durga pandal . Hindu in Bangladesh are always fear .
In solidarity with the Bangladeshi Hindu Brothers and sisters . May MAA Durga give you power to face the jihadi mob
At least 3 killed , Durga Puja pandals vandalised in Bangladesh
Denying the claims of insulting the Quran , Shibu Prasad Dutta , general secretary of Cumilla Mahanagar Puja Udjapon Committee , informed that someone placed a copy of the Quran at a Durga Puja pavilion early in the morning when no one was watching
Durga Puja pandals are destroyed and set up on fire in Bangladesh ..
Puja pandals , temples attacked in Bangladesh over ‘ besmirching ’ of Quran , govt promises action via
When rumours of Quran 's insult went viral , jihadis immediately took to the streets and vandalized temples in Chandpur ’ s Hajiganj , Chattogram ’ s Banshkhali , Chapainawabganj ’ s Shibganj and Cox ’ s Bazar ’ s Pekua and brutally attacked Bangladeshi Hindus
3G and 4G network services are suspended in some parts of the country following clashes over the incident of demeaning the Holy Quran in a Puja Mandap . BGB personnel have been deployed to 22 districts of Bangladesh .
Sri Durgadevi pooja at the historic Sankhannidhi Temple in Dhaka , Bangladesh opposed by Religious fanatics ! While Hindus world over are celebrating religious freedom of Bangladeshi Hindus is throttled ! Request to look into this
How can a Hindu living in Bangladesh in 2021 avail the benefit of CAA ? Also what difference does CAA make from Citizenship Act 1955 other than fast tracking the process if we remove NRC from the ture ?
Selective persecution of religious minorities in Bangladesh by fundamentalists needs to be addressed by iron fist . The Durga Puja is used as an event to increase such targetted attacks especially on Hindus
Now Sheikh Hasina warns of action . I 'm sure she will be last muslim PM of Bangladesh to wear sari as radical Islam is taking place in Bangladesh . Not surprised if she become the first and last woman PM .
Because they exist in a muslim majority Bangladesh .
Bangladesh on way of becoming other Afghanistan . Attacks on Hindus during festival of Durga puja is an act of jihadi mindset
Atrocities on minority , in ... Check these fanatics before it is too late ,
On , whn Hindus across the world were offering prayers to Maa Durga , radical Islamists in Bangladesh went on a rampage . They vandalised Ma Durga 's pratima .
is repeatedly happening year on year .... now they are openly attacking our puja pandals and challeging Bangladeshi Hindus . must interven in this .
I do n't normally go into religion , but seeing two complete opposites on Maha Ashtami made me write this . While everyone in is celebrating a pandal themed on Burj Khalifa , there in , pandals are being vandalised by the Muslim majority . This ... [ 1 ]
What is the future of Hindu minorities in Bangladesh ? Prof. Chandan Kumar Sarkar ( Human Rights activist from Bangladesh ) shares his views .
“ Why is there so much hatred against Hindus in Bangladesh ? Hindus live in Bangladesh by birth . Most of those who lost their lives in 1971 were Hindus .. '' Bangladesh Hindu Unity Council stated in a tweet
Hindu temples attacked in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 3 dead
Several Hindu temples were vandalised by miscreants during Durga Puja festivities in Bangladesh .
Peacefuls n LeLis who justify defending Talibans and would shout that the justice is being denied to a criminal son of a celebrity Bhuslim in India would not utter a single word on the killings of Hindus and damaging the idols of Durga ma in Bangladesh .
Lot of people expected the government to say something about the atrocities on Hindus celebrating Durga puja in Bangladesh . Sadly , it 's not the first time the govt has left bengali hindus 'hanging ' .
The vandalism of Durga idols in Bangladesh started long before the start of the nine-day Navratri festival . According to another Twitter post of the council , “ The idol being prepared for Durga Puja was vandalized in Kushtia in September ,
When entire India is celebrating Navaratri and Bengal is immersed in worship of Ma Durga , B'deshi minority Hindus experienced the most brutal & detestable actions of vandalising Pujo Mandaps & pandals . Lives are in danger & under threat .
On this Mahanavmi the Hindu temples in Pakistan and Bangladesh were vandalised and desecrated by Islamic zealots , but the PAK apologists and liberals here will not speak a word not to speak of condemnation when the Islamists target Hindus here in Kashmir or in the neighborhood .
We 've seen some reports of attacks on religious gatherings in Bangladesh . We note that Bangladesh govt has reacted strongly to it . We also understand that Durga Puja celebrations continue in Bangladesh . Our High Commission is in close contact with authorities : MEA Bharat
Bangladesh : Islamists damage Durga Puja pandals , attack Hindus over a rumour of ‘ insult to Quran ’
Islamic extremists on October 10 , 2021 ) vandalized the Durga idol of Shri Shamshaneshwar Shiv Vigraha Temple in the Firangi Bazar area of ​​Chittagong , Bangladesh . Bangladesh Hindu Ekta Parishad has tweeted giving information about the incident .
The mother was abandoned in the eighth I could n't do it without posting . Please do n't ignore this scene . I am ashamed to see how we live in Bangladesh . Death is much better than this . That horrible scene of the Nanuar market in Comilla .
Every year are persecuted in especially in idols are vandalized but this rule will not be accepted for long .
In view of the large scale violence and desecration of idols in puja pandals by muslims in Bangladesh , Ministry of External Affairs should summon Bangladesh Ambassador and lodge a strong protest . The BD govt should protect minorities to save their Bengali culture .
: Hindu Temples and Idols destroyed
Durga idol broken , thrown in pond as angry mob vandalises puja pandals in Bangladesh ; 'scandalous ' , says Hindu council
They must understand that if HINDU would behave in same manner in India with MUSLIMS then what happened ?
Honourable kindly implement CAA and NRC in the entire country and especially WB bcoz , to safeguard the interests of the people of india as we can see what 's happening in Bangladesh during Durga Puja . Please implement CAA and NRC .
: Hindu Temples and Idols destroyed
bangladesh hindu is unsafe radical Islamic attack increasing day by day
At least 3 killed , Durga Puja pandals vandalised in Bangladesh - World News Highly condemn the shameful act against the belief of the minorities in Bangladesh . I would request the Govt . of to take immediate action against this
Why will Ma Durga idols be broken ? Why will temporary places of worship be destroyed by that so called peaceful community . The World can not afford to remain a blind spectator .
: Hindu Temples and Idols destroyed
: Hindu Temples and Idols destroyed
Bangladesh anti Hindu violence . ….Raging violence against Bengali Hindus . ….Total silence in West Bengal . Do we need to say anything more ? V K Luthra 14.10.2021
Massive attacks on Durga Pujo Pandals and Hindu Temples all over Bangladesh , Muslim Mobs attacking and destroying temples and Pandals . These visuals are from Chandpur
Bangladesh : Islamists damage Durga Puja pandals , attack Hindus over a rumour of ‘ insult to Quran ’ these types are incidents happened frequently , Hindus should stand unite to overcome such incidents .
Goons placed a copy of Quran at feet of a murti in a Durga puja pandal in Bangladesh . Photos were circulated . Crowds mobilised . Multiple pandals attacked . Even deaths of Hindus being reported . State of minorities in Muslim-majority country . Blasphemy is an excuse for harassment
Goons placed a copy of Quran at feet of a murti in a Durga puja pandal in Bangladesh . Photos were circulated . Crowds mobilised . Multiple pandals attacked . Even deaths of Hindus being reported . State of minorities in Muslim-majority country . Blasphemy is an excuse for harassment
'Our High Commission in close contact with authorities ' , India reacts to attack on Hindu temple in Bangladesh
What is Bhurj Khalifa DOING in a Hindu Festival ? WHY So Much Extravaganza & By Whom Esp Bec it is In Bengal ? With Bangladesh Joining The Toolkit Gang , Our Record of Neighbouring Enemies is Complete . All r in it 2gether . Some r Obvious , Some NOT
Bangladesh : Multiple incidents of ‘ murti ’ vandalism ahead of Durga Puja
We demand safety of Bangladeshi Hindu Minorities .
police have arrested 40+ who attacked a Hindu temple killing three .
: Hindu Temples and Idols destroyed
save hindu please
: Hindu Temples and Idols destroyed
: Hindu Temples and Idols destroyed
Schedule of Namaz is posted before the idol of Maa Durga at Uttara , Bangladesh . Do you still wonder why ?
Hindu ses hoye gag
The act of those two legged animals in Bangladesh . Durga mandap demolished . ⁦
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 3 killed ; paramilitary force called in get more update
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 3 killed ; paramilitary force called in get more update
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 3 killed ; paramilitary force called in :
Bangladesh Govt Should Protect Hindu Minorities in the Country : VHP
Teachers ( presumably all Muslims ) whose Hindu and Sikh colleagues were dragged out after confirming their religious identities and shot dead at point-blank range in
Vandalising temples and Durga Puja pandals in Cumilla district , Cox ’ s Bazar & Noakhali in Bangladesh ; following `` conspiratorial rumours '' spread through social media is disheartening . Desecrating idols of Maa Durga at will is an orchestrated attack on Sanatani Bengali community .
Pradeep Bhandari : When Thousands are seeking blessings from Ma Durga in Bengal , Thousands of idols & pandals were desecrated in Bangladesh .
Maa Durga idols have been vandalized in many parts of Bangladesh . Minorities are frightened . Great Indian seculars , where are you ? Must have been taken tranquilizers now .
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 3 killed ; paramilitary force called in
More than 10 durga puja pandals vandalized by muslim goons at comilla in Bangladesh .
Islamic terrorist attack on durga pooja in Bangladesh
We are in big trouble . The extremists have vandalized our durga idols and mandirs at comilla , Chandpur in Bangladesh .
vaccines have been sent to Nepal , Bangladesh , Myanmar and Iran according to the government 's decision to resume their supplies , the Ministry of External Affairs said .
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 3 killed ; paramilitary force called in - The Hindu Islam is evil
stop
Suvendu Adhikari urges PM Modi to take urgent steps after pandal attacks in Bangladesh
shame
dhame
Why is the Bangladesh government silent when the Muslim minority in India is being persecuted ?
Terrible ! ! Attacks on 150 families in Shilpara , Cox 's Bazar , widespread vandalism , looting , vandalism of Hatiya in Noakhali , vandalism of idols in municipal Kalimandir , attack Vandalism , molestation of women , 2 people have been found dead in Chandpur .
The horrific extent of the violence in Bangladesh on is now clear . 3 people killed , dozens of Hindu temples & Durga Pooja Pandals vandalized or burned over a false blasphemy charge . Bangladesh govt . must end wanton violence . is a global reality .
He asserted that no Hindu would deliberately place a Quran in a Durga Pandal and that it was done purposely to flare communal tensions . He also requested for thorough investigation at the end of his post .
If you want to kill a dog first give it a bad name . Similarly , if you want to destroy Hindu places of worship in Bangladesh first say that Hindus insulted the Quran or that there was a fb post against Muslims by Hindus . These are known tactics .
Several Hindu temples were attacked by mobs in Bangladesh as police attempted and failed to control the bigoted mob .
Expressing concern over the violence in Bangladesh over Durga Puja , India said , “ We are in constant touch with the Bangladesh government. ” India concerned over violence in Bangladesh over Durga Puja
Authorities busy blaming Facebook While attacks on Hindus and Hindu places of worship is nothing new in Bangladesh , after the current violence against Durga Puja pandals
Bangladesh : Islamists damage Durga Puja pandals , attack Hindus over a rumour of ‘ insult to Quran ’
Puja celebrations being prevented in Bangladesh , ca n't the administration see ? Has the world gone blind ?
We believe that a truly pious Hindu person will never do such a thing . We should n't accuse or attack the entire Hindu religion for this heinous act of a reprehensible person . It seems to be done intentionally to create religious violence
My heart is broken .. I am crying literally after saw those tures .. Such a shameful act in durga puja pandals .. ma durga will not give u peace ... such mahisasurs will be dismissed by ma durga herself .
As per Bangladesh Hindu Unity Council , this was the third incident of vandalism reported . “ The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong .
As per Bangladesh Hindu Unity Council , this was the third incident of vandalism reported . “ The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong . Bangladeshi Hindus
What is going on in Bangladesh is ethnic cleansing and Hindu Genocide by radical Muslim outfits . Centre shld intervene urgently .
In March this year , over 80 houses of Hindus in the village of Sunamganj , Bangladesh were attacked and vandalized by the supporters of Islamist group Hefazat-e-Islam .
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 3 killed
This is the reality of Bangladesh where Hindu population in 1947 was around 20 % . And today same is just 8 % . While in India opposite has happened for Muslims . Yet you keep on painting India as religiously intolerant nation , persecuting minorities . Check the facts .
Bangladeshi muslim man attacked hindu durga puja mondope , in Bangladesh , where secular party ?
Pratima of mata DURGA was smashed in Bangladesh . No one is protesting . Everyone is silent . shame-shame
Shame on those calling this West Bengal ! This is Bangladesh where they are vandalizing Durga Puja Pandal . It 'd take a few more years to have this in West Bengal ...
Goons attack temples in during . Three killed as government deploys paramilitary forces .
:43 people arrested in attack on Hindu houses & temples ,
Hindu Temples in Bangladesh Attacked During Durga Puja , 4 Killed
Several Durga pandals were vandalized , close to 150 families were attacked and at least three Hindus were reportedly killed in the violent clash after a Facebook post claiming ‘ insult to Quran ’ at a pandal went viral on social media on Wednesday .
While attacks on Hindus and Hindu places of worship is nothing new in Bangladesh , after the current violence against Durga Puja pandals , many in the Bangladesh government and other ‘ intellectuals ’ are busy blaming the social media platform Facebook
Do n't want to even imagine the plight of if sicular Congress emerges victorious in d upcoming elections . Ther wont b any any where in India ... Coz all hindus will b converted & none will b left 2 celebrate d festivals !
is repeatedly happening year on year .... now they are openly attacking our puja pandals and challeging Bangladeshi Hindus .. govt . must interven in this
News reports are coming from Bangladesh that several Durga Puja pandals have been destroyed by Islamist fanatics A social media rumour that the Quran had been denigrated went viral following which the idols were targeted
This is the attack on hindutv Bangladeshi hindu are unsafe
Pre-planned attack on hindu faith has been perpetrated on Hindus of Bangladesh . 3 Hindus were mercilessly killed , maybe more ... Our Durga Ma , Kali Ma 's murti has been vandalised ! ! We Indian Hindus stand in solidarity with our Hindu brothers there .
Hindus expecting the government lead by to take up the issue of attacks on Durga Puja in Bangladesh while Hindus are not allowed to freely celebrate festivals even in India is too much .
Attacks on Bangladeshi Hindus during Durga Puja Attack on Krishna Temple of the Hindu community in Sindh on Janmashtami Bengaluru riots over alleged Facebook post While the religious freedom of Hindus is throttled , hope the Central Govt acts fast !
Durga Puja pandals targeted by Radical Islamists in Bangladesh . Will the lobby speak up ? Watch Pradeep Bhandari 's blazing Mukadma on the debate in at 8PM .
Several Durga Pandals have been destroyed Over 150 families attacked The destruction of many temples Brutal attacks on Hindu devotees Harassment of Hindu women All of this has caused Hindus pain . बांग्लादेशी हिन्दू
Persecution of hindus continued , unabetted for 75 years after communal divide- comilla , chapai nawabganj , sylhet and elsewhere in bangladesh . Muslim leaders snatched much more land than par proportion . Their leaders never ditched their people . What hindu leaders did ?
Facebook here is a mere tool , rather an excuse of a tool to perpetuate another spout of violence against the `` Hindu community '' that has been facing a regular `` onslaught of attacks for decades '' , be it in India , Pakistan , or Bangladesh ! ! !
is repeatedly happening year on year .... now they are openly attacking our puja pandals and challeging Bangladeshi Hindus ..
intolerance ! govt should regulate these processions with full security bangladesh the most populous muslim nation , but secular indian muslims survived in secular india until bjp came to power 2014
Pl save innocent Hindus in Bangladesh . Photos coming from of Durga temple of Sri Ramkrishna Mission attacked by radicals yesterday night .
Several Durga Pandals have been destroyed Over 150 families attacked The destruction of many temples Brutal attacks on Hindu devotees Harassment of Hindu women All of this has caused Hindus pain . बांग्लादेशी हिन्दू
is repeatedly happening year on year .... now they are openly attacking our puja pandals and challeging Bangladeshi Hindus .. govt . must interven in this
After the current violence against Durga Puja pandals , many in the Bangladesh government and other ‘ intellectuals ’ are busy blaming the social media platform Facebook , not the actual perpetrators who did the violence .
We want justice for the vandalism , destruction of Hindu house and killing Hindu of Bangladesh life matters .
Breaking idols of hindu God , destroying of hindu Pujas , and killing of hindu people , ...... From all these activities what they are getting ? Shame on those people . Such people are called demons .
During this Durga Puja , Hindu Bengalis r targeted in & idol of Maa Durga was broken by Islamists . But Mamta Banerjee & entire has n't uttered a single word on this issue .
Several incidents of vandalism at Durga Puja pandals were reported in Bangladesh on Wednesday The violence was triggered after some posts on social media alleged besmirching of Quran at a puja venue Several Bangladeshi H ! ndus were also attacked !
2000 KGs of Temple gold to be Melted in Tamil Nadu by govt . Why ? Look how the HR & CE Minister from Tamil Nadu Openly Provoking and Mocking/insulting Hindus in a TV Interview
We want strict action against the miscreants of ‘ murti ’ vandalism of Maa Durga .
The series of vandalism of Durga murtis in `` Bangladesh `` began much before the onset of the nine-day Navratri . Bangladeshi Hindus
On , whn Hindus across the world were offering prayers to Maa Durga , radical Islamists in Bangladesh went on a rampage . They vandalised Ma Durga 's pratima . I will play chilling eye witness testimony frm CHATTOGRAM on JANTA KA MUKADMA .
Durga Puja ends early in Bangladesh . via
Persecution of miniority Hindus in Muslim majority nations like Bangladesh , Pakistan and Afghanistan underlines importance of immediate implementation of CAA and NRC to give asylum persecuted Hindus from Muslim majority countries and deportation of illegal migrants from India
: Goons Place Quran At Feet Of A Ganesh Murti , Trigger Mob Attacks On Multiple Durga Puja Pandals
Attacks on Hindus and Hindu places of worship is nothing new in Bangladesh ! - ‘ intellectuals ’ ( ? ) are busy blaming the social media platform Facebook , not the actual perpetrators who did the violence ! ! Bangladeshi Hindus
Will anti CAA gang speak up against attack on durga puja in Bangladesh ? Watch Pradeep Bhandari 's mukadma at 8 pm on India News .
Stop these jihadis in temple demolish
MEA on Durga Puja pandals attacked in Bangladesh : We have seen disturbing reports of untoward incident of attacks on religious gathering in Bangladesh . We note that the govt of B ’ desh has reacted promptly to ensure control of the situation…
We want strict action against the miscreants of ‘ murti ’ vandalism of Maa Durga .
Goons attacked Hindu temple in Bangladesh during Durga Puja,3 killed , paramilitary forces called in , bangladeshi government everytimes assures India but nevers take any action on this goons ! ! !
Sad part is people who abuse Minorities here will use this to show that Hindu is in danger in every country including India
In March this year , over 80 houses of Hindus in the village of Sunamganj , Bangladesh were attacked and vandalized by the supporters of Islamist group Hefazat-e-Islam . After a young Hindu man criticized Mamunul Haque in a FB .
Bangladesh : Islamic extremists vandalize multiple Durga Puja pandals , three Hindus reported dead via
Idols of Shree Durga devi vandalised , 3 Hindus Killed in Bangladesh ! Why don ’ t human rights organisations talk about the status of Hindu religious festivals in Muslim-majority Bangladesh ?
Islamic terrorists are on rampage in Bangladesh , breaking Idols and temples and pandals . It is 21 century but these savage goons are still living in barbaric mediaeval age .
It 's Bangladesh Plzzzzz save hindu
Happy must otherwise our temples n gods , continue burn , demolished
Bangladeshi militants begin to vandalize Mother Durga idol . It happens every year during Durga Puja . Why is the government so quiet ? Why not exercise power ? It is now necessary to prevent the infidelity of the Hindu deities and the Hindu deities .
As per Bangladesh Hindu Unity Council , this was the third incident of vandalism reported . “ The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong . Bangladeshi Hindus
Its time when raise the Hindu genocide and ulterior motives of demographic shift as an International Issue centered to India . The way has been silent and censored media on durga puja vandalisation is disheartening meanwhile contd . illegal migration
Bangladeshi militants begin to vandalize Mother Durga idol . It happens every year during Durga Puja . Why is the government so quiet ? Why not exercise power ? It is now necessary to prevent the infidelity of the Hindu deities and the Hindu deities .
Bangladesh : Multiple incidents of ‘ murti ’ vandalism ahead of Durga Puja Not only but also their Godess Murti such as Durgadevi has been broken several times besides it happens oftenly as if it 's a planned program !
The vandalism sparked an outrage after which hundreds of worshippers from Shivbari and the nearest puja mandaps gathered before Kotwali police station and protested for about two hours .
We demand safety of Bangladeshi Hindu Minorities . Raised fist
Breaking idols of hindu God , destroying of hindu Pujas , and killing of hindu people , ...... From all these activities what they are getting ? Shame on those people . Such people are called demons . Shame on
Hindus are being attacked constantly for decades now in and .. Not sure if any is becoming teorist there .. Wo n't be surprised if that happens in times to come ..
MEA takes cognizance of Bangladesh Durga Puja violence ; 'India in touch with authorities '
Islamists vandalise Ma Durga Puja idols in Bangladesh during Durga Puja . Lobby stays silent . Watch Pradeep Bhandari 's blazing Mukadma on the debate . Tweet , Comment & koo with the hashtag :
Just across the border Hindus of Kolkata are playing Azaan in Durga Pandaals and are taking great pride in their Pseudo Secularism .
The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong . Protests are going on in the streets of Kotwali in Chittagong .
Durga puja pandals and idols of Maa Durga were vandalised in Hindus were brutally beaten and the situation is still very tense Not a single word from secular media or intellectuals . They all fight for Rohingya Musl ! ms but never speak for Hindus . This is Hindumisia .
Today marked the end of this day in the year taught us so much .. the day when finally durga maa will kill mahishasur or in bengal when she wud return to her married home .. this year also showed us skewed position of people and state in Bangladesh ..
Dear sir ! You felt heart bleeding after see in Bangladesh Awami League government and president Sheikh Hasina Government which control 's by india absolutely one hundred parcent after this confirmly sured one hundred parcent yesterday 's incidents . Dedicated to all muslim leaders
Bangladesh : Islamic extremists vandalize multiple Durga Puja pandals , 3 Hindus reported dead . But the liberal gangs r silent , opposition parties r silent . Those comparing Bangladesh 's economic progress with that of India r also silent . This is just a glimpse of progressive Bdesh .
Three people were killed after clashes broke out between a mob and the police in 's Chandpur district on 13 Oct , following reports of alleged desecration of the Quran at a Durga Puja pandal in , say reports .
Goons attack Hindu temples in 4 killed
This was the third incident of vandalism reported . “ The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong . Police have arrested one .
Please do take strict actions against certain Radicals who are attacking the Durga Puja Pandals and Hindu Temples ! Do Hindus have no right to worship or live in Bangladesh ? Please take actions or else we 'll come by ourselves to protests against such atrocities
Every year , Bangladeshi extremists have started breaking the idol of Mata Durga . It happens every year during Durga Puja . Will the government not take any action on this incident ? Bangladeshi Hindus बांग्लादेशी हिन्दू
Media blackout in .Govt ordered to censor all the news related to vandalization of puja pandals , durga idols & Hindu temples . There must not be any blackout . People should know what is going on.They should organize protest rallies.Govt must take action against jihadis .
Hindu temples at Shibganj in Chapanwabganj & Pekua in Cox 's Bazar were brutally attacked & Hindu devotees beaten . Many Hindus have reportedly been killed in the violent clash , however , police have not yet confirmed this .
All Hindus from throughout the world should & must oppose this attack by Bangladeshi muslims & as well as on occasion of this Dasara festival pray to Ma Durga to kill this kaliyug Muslim Mahishasurs
While the attacks on Durga Puja in Bangladesh are condemnable , please do not fall prey to the Pakistan - China preplanning of such incidents to incite communal and diplomatic discord . Chinese and Pak Intel are on overdrive .
As per reports , several Durga Puja pandals in Bangladesh were attacked by jihadis . Late at night on Wednesday , a social media rumour that the Quran had been denigrated went viral Bangladeshi Hindus were also attacked and Hindu women were molested
Bangladeshi Hindus are once again facing persecution Religious fanatics have been attacking Durga Puja across Bangladesh . Will human rights organisations talk about the status of Hindu religious festivals in Bangladesh ?
Police have arrested 35 people as suspects of attacking the Durga Puja Mandap & participating in an Anti-Hindu Procession after the humiliation of the Holy Qur'an in Comilla yesterday .
Why is there so much Hatred against Hindus in Bangladesh ? ? ? Hindus live in Bangladesh by birth . .Most of those who lost their lives in 1971 were Hindus.The Hindus of Bangladesh considered the Muslims as their brothers . How can 8 % Hindus be the cause of problems for 90 % Muslim ?
Rohingya Muslims attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 3 killed .
4th incident.This incident took place at Rastampur village of Ashulia in Savar upazila of Dhaka We are drawing the attention of all the puja mandapa authorities and volunteers so that they take care of the temple ’ s own security Bangladeshi Hindus
Bangladesh : Islamists damage Durga Puja pandals , attack Hindus over a rumour of ‘ insult to Quran ’
The Taliban in Bangladesh set fire to the Hindu pujo mandapa by placing Koran Sharif under the feet of Bajrangbali and looted the Hindu houses . In this regard , I am praying for the intervention of our Hon'ble Prime Minister to save the Hindus of Bangladesh .
The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong . Protests are going on in the streets of Kotwali in Chittagong .
Vandalization of Hindu temples & gods in Pakistan & Bangladesh is clear message for all d If Hindus in still don ’ t understand it & do n't unite in d name of religion , ther might not b anything left for Hindus , not even to cry for…
Bangladesh : Islamists damage Durga Puja pandals , attack Hindus over a rumour of ‘ insult to Quran ’
Every year , Bangladeshi extremists have started breaking the idol of Mata Durga . It happens every year during Durga Puja . Will the government not take any action on this incident ? Bangladeshi Hindus बांग्लादेशी हिन्दू
mob have demolished 9 Durga mandapas and idols in . Hundreds of radical Muslims attacked this morning . The attack is still going on . Situation is still tense . Hindus are frightened . Police failed to control mob . Minimum 4 Hindus Got Killed Till Now As Media .
`` India was also behind most of the neighbouring countries . Pakistan was placed at 92 rank , Nepal at 76 and Bangladesh also at 76 . '' Anybody want to take a guess why ? Global Hunger Index ranks India at 101 out of 116 countries - The Hindu
Islamic extremists in Bangladesh vandalised Durga Puja pandals and quite a few people died .. Rise in Rage ! No place for fundamentalism , suppression , oppression !
pandals allegedly vandalized in . Pradeep Dutta with analysis .
People are here protesting against and playing Muslim card and giving no of theories Meanwhile in Bangladesh the Durga Puja Pandal has been demolished by Bangladeshi Muslims We want India to be asap
Series of vandalism of Durga murtis in Bangladesh began much before the onset of the nine-day Navratri festival .. ? ?
Bangladesh : Miscreants attacked temples during Durga Puja , three killed , paramilitary forces deployed
How Islamic culprits made fake post & attacked Bangladeshi Hindu minorities ? Their new agenda to evacuate Hindus from Bangladesh . No international community have any comments . Where is international Human right Commission ?
Bangladesh Durga Puja Violence : India Terms Incident ‘ Disturbing ’ , Says Indian High Commission in Touch With Authorities
Bangladeshi Hindus are insecure in Bangladesh & their religious festivals are in danger ! Where are the human rights organizations now regarding the attacks on Hindu festivals in Bangladesh ? ांग्लादेशीहिन्दू
The many electric colors of Puja celebrations in Bangladesh . Happy Durga Puja to all Hindus around the world . Photo : Sabbir Ahmed Khan াংলাদেশ
The Rama Krishna Mission Durga Puja vandalised in Bangladesh by followers of the religion of peace . This is the same country , we helped liberate ...
Attacks on Bangladeshi Hindus during Durga Puja Attack on Krishna Temple of the Hindu community in Sindh on Janmashtami Bengaluru riots over alleged Facebook post While the religious freedom of Hindus is throttled , hope the Central Govt acts fast !
Hindu of Bangladesh wants equality not any special treatment like in India . Our so called champions of Secularism Liberalism groups are missing ! ! !
The vandals entered d pandals with a single motive - disrupt d Puja procession . They did their job well & surely wld have been paid handsomely . in will have a huge impact on relations with India . Surprising ji is silent on this .
Several Durga pandals in Bangladesh were vandalized , close to 150families were attacked and at least three Hindus were reportedly killed in the violent clash Will the government come forward to protect Hindus in Bangladesh even after this incident ?
Another incident of attack by Islamic radicalis coming from A Durga puja mandap was attacked , idol broken . Place : - District - Chandpur , Upojila- Hajiganj , Union- Rajar gaon
News reports are coming in from Bangladesh that several Durga Puja pandals have been destroyed by Islamist fanatics .
Denying the claims of insulting the Quran , Shibu Prasad Dutta , general secretary of Cumilla Mahanagar Puja Udjapon Committee , informed that someone placed a copy of the Quran at a Durga Puja pavilion early in the morning when no one was watching
The Durga idol of Shri Shamshaneswara Shiva idol has been found in the firingbazar area of ​​Chittagong , Bangladesh . Why is the central government not paying attention to such attacks in the midst of the Navratri festival ️
Goons attack temples in during , 4 killed
Muslim majority country ’ s tyal action against its minority ’ s shame on Islamic radicals in Bangladesh !
Hindu temples are attacked and vandalized by jihadists and fundamentalists during Durga Puja in Bangladesh
In Bangladesh Several Durga pandals were vandalized , close to 150 families were attacked and at least three Hindus were reportedly killed in the violent clash after a Facebook post claiming ‘ insult to Quran ’ at a pandal went viral on social media .
We can not publish in a tweet what has happened in the last 24 hours . The Hindus of Bangladesh saw the real faces of some people . We do n't know what will happen in the future . But the Hindus of Bangladesh will never forget Durga Puja in 2021 .
‘ Our High Commission is in touch with the authorities ’ , India responds to attack on Hindu temple in Bangladesh
What is the future of Hindu minorities in Bangladesh ? Prof. Chandan Kumar Sarkar ( Human Rights activist from Bangladesh ) shares his views . Watch with
Wt about minorities there .... only afghanistan pe bolenge ... but when it comes to bangladesh where hindu temples destroys not a singke voice from left liberals of this nation .... ! ! !
Many Hindu Leaders from Bangladesh come to meet me in Delhi regarding their security . I hv many times arranged meeting with Bjp leaders but no + result hs bn achieved . Modi ji visited Bangladesh last year but did not discuss BD Hindus security . Sad
The series of vandalism of Durga murtis in Bangladesh began much before the onset of the nine-day Navratri festival .
along with pandal are demolished in by radical Islamists ideology .
Several Durga pandals were vandalized , abt 150 families were attacked & at least 3 were reportedly killed in the violent clash in Bangladesh . Is this how we are celebrating this year ? Will we be able to celebrate it next year ?
Several Durga pandals were vandalized , close to 150 families were attacked and at least three Hindus were reportedly killed in the violent clash after a Facebook post claiming ‘ insult to Quran ’ at a pandal went viral on social media .
It is not the first time that hindu temples or programs have been attacked in Bangladesh and probably it will be not the last time either . Bjp which is running govt in India have never taken up this matter with Bangladesh govt instead supported Bangladesh govt 's so called action
We request to central government to save Hindu people in Bangladesh from such illegal activities by Bangladeshi citizens
Actually this is all level of Hatred resulted ..... In Bangladesh Muslim mob attacked Durga Puja devotee and pandals ....
Attacks on Durga Puja : Are Hindus safe in Bangladesh ? BJP shares her views on what the Government is doing towards it ? Watch with
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 4 killed ; paramilitary force called in
Whatever place it is muslim are terrorist and they behave as such only
Hindu temples in Bangladesh have been vandalised by some unidentified miscreants during Durga Puja celebrations , prompting the govt to deploy paramilitary force in 22 districts after 4 people were killed and many others injured in riots , reports said .
4th incident.This incident took 7 ? t Rastampur village of Ashulia in Savar upazila of Dhaka this evening . We are drawing the attention of all the puja mandapa authorities and volunteers so t एक hat they take care of the temple ’ s own s ? ecurity .
Peaceful community . Bangladesh : Mob vandalise Durga Puja pandals , govt warns of tough action
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 3 killed
Fake tures of Quran floated by BNP and Jammat-e-Islam in Bangladesh causes attacks on temples and Durga puja pandals -
He is a police Inspector has been secured the Holy Quran from the temple where the Hindus intended to defamation our Holy Quran has been kept it on the feet of their idols where they are worshipped in Bangladesh Comila district but we the sanction of the offenders in immediate .
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 3 killed ; paramilitary force called in via
Strongly Condemn unrest , barbaric , ransack attacks in Bangladesh Hindu idols , Mandirs during Bengali greatest festival Durga Puja.Some miscreants bady strike our Hindus emotions and sentiment.We need to raise voice in 1 forum for saving livelihood of our brothers & sisters
“ Like every year , Bangladeshi extremists have started the festival of vandalizing the murti of maa Durga . It happens every year during Durga Puja '' ...
Let us stand beside our Hindu brothers and sisters of Bangladesh . Let us all strongly protest the J1hadi attacks on Durgapuja and on Hindus of Bangladesh . Tweet with
The fact that denied grabs a national headline with no one in mainstream media even remotely concerned about unfortunate incidents at Bangladesh Durga Puja , talks a volume about us as a society !
The Durga murti of Sri Shamshaneshwar Shiva Vigraha Mandir was vandalized by Islamic extremists in the Firingibazar area in Chittagong , Bangladesh .
The series of vandalism of Durga murtis in Bangladesh began much before the onset of the nine-day Navratri festival . Bangladeshi extremists have started the festival of vandalizing the murti of maa Durga . It happens every year during Durga Puja .
Bangladesh : Hindus face attacks The plight of minority Hindus in Muslim-majority countries such as Pakistan , Bangladesh , etc . will not improve until the ‘ Hindu Rashtra ( Nation ) ’ is established in India
My request to shri taking action for save Hindu minorities in outside India .
Attack on Durga Puja at Cumilla in Bangladesh .
Peacefuls spreading msg of peace by vandalizing Durga Pandals in Chandpur , Bangladesh . This is why CAA-NRC is needed !
Indian govt remains noncommittal on Palestine because of overwhelming support from 'minority ' Muslims . But when Hindu community in Bangladesh is under severe attack by Islamic majority population during Durga Puja 2021 ( for the shirk of idol worship ) , this is what MEA says
The blood-boiling visuals of vandalism in Durga Puja Pandals and dastardly act of immersion of idols on Maha Ashtami , that is coming from Bangladesh is heart-wrenching ! My heart goes out to our Hindu Brethren from across the border ! May justice prevail !
Bangladesh : PM Modi ’ s visit ends , religious fanatics attack Hindu temples . It is evident that these attacks were carried out due to anger that PM Modi visited and had darshan in a few temples in Bangladesh
When a Muslim thief died , Muslim nations showed concern , coz this community has 50+ of nations to support them.we Hindus do n't have one.Hindus must stand by Hindus
Same kind of Attacks in .. Afghanistan , Pakistan , Bangladesh ... What is common factor ? Muslim - Majority & Hindus - Minority
At least three dead in a massive attack on the Durga Puja pandal in Bangladesh . Saleem Samad Sr . Journalist : It 's very unfortunate that in the last 20 years not a single perpetrator was brought to justice . Watch with
Bangladeshi militants begin to vandalize Mother Durga idol . It happens every year during Durga Puja . Why is the government so quiet ? Why not exercise power ? It is now necessary to prevent the infidelity of the Hindu deities and the Hindu deities .
Unsafe Hindus in Bangladesh and their Dharmik festivals ! Where is the human rights organization about the attack on Hindu festivals in Bangladesh ?
Fake tures of Quran floated by BNP and Jammat-e-Islam in Bangladesh causes attacks on temples and Durga puja pandals -
Bangladesh : Goons Place Quran At Feet Of A Ganesh Murti , Trigger Mob Attacks On Multiple Durga Puja Pandals . At Least One Temple Set On Fire . Police Have Detained One Fayaz Uddin Who Uploaded The Picture First . Believed To Be Handiwork Of Jamaat-E-Islam
Massive Anti-Hindu Violence in Bangladesh , Multiple Pooja Pandals Destroyed The Muslim mob targeted a number of pooja pandals celebrating Durga pooja . The idols were broken and people performing aratis were beaten up .
Glimpses of organised by Kumudini welfare trust at Tangail in . High Commissioner Vikram Doraiswami participated as Chief guest and paid obeisances to goddess Durga .
Massive attacks on Durga puja Pandals in Bangladesh by Radical Islamists . Selective outrage ki Aaulade kaha hai ab
Mamta Banerjee zipps her mouth when the victims are from Hindu community
Hindu temples in have been vandalised by miscreants during Durga Puja festivities , forcing the government to deploy paramilitary forces in 22 districts . Local media reports claim 4 people have been killed and many more injured in the rioting .
Reportedly , videos and photos of the Quran kept in a Durga Pandal of Cummila were circulated widely on social media . The Islamists claimed that the Hindus had deliberately kept their holy book in the pandal as a mark of insult. #
Bangladeshi militants begin to vandalize Mother Durga idol . It happens every year during Durga Puja . Why is the government so quiet ? Why not exercise power ? It is now necessary to prevent the infidelity of the Hindu deities and the Hindu deities .
Bangladesh : Goons Place Quran At Feet Of A Ganesh Murti , Trigger Mob Attacks On Multiple Durga Puja Pandals
Something not expected in Bangladesh… . I am sure Hasina is going deliver justice ! Bangladesh : Mob vandalise Durga Puja pandals , govt warns of tough action - Hindustan Times via
After the attacks on now these fanatics are infiltrating India also
Why did maa Durga curse Brahma ji ? To know , Get free book `` Gyan Ganga ''
Why will Ma Durga idols be broken ? Why will temporary places of worship be destroyed by that so called peaceful community . The World can not afford to remain a blind spectator .
Goons ? ⁦ need some balls ? Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 3 killed ; paramilitary force called in - The Hindu
At least three dead in a massive attack on the Durga Puja pandal in Bangladesh . Kajal Devnath ( Unity Council Bangladesh ) shares details of the incident . Watch with
One of my liberal family member told me that the Hindus are at fault in Bangladesh . They have no right to perform puja in a Muslim country . I was so shocked , that I walked off . Strangely they migrated from Bangladesh , during partition . Stockholm syndrome , I guess .
Dear PM Pls make sure safety of Hindu of Bangladesh and their temple to worship safe and non stop
Four people are killed and 24 others are left injured during a protest over Quran desecration at a Hindu temple in Haziganj Upazila , Bangladesh .
thana - 11 muslim youth people are killed by police .. Because of the event of cumilla nanupur puja manadap ... [ ( Hindu people ) The are denying of holy Quran.Also they put holy Quran on their murti ] . , ...
Why Hindus Puja pandals destroyed by Islamist fanatics ? In bangaladesh Hindus r not safe in Islamic country Government should take stringent action against this .
Quran was placed at the knees of Hindu idol during a festival in Comilla When Muslim started protest the police started firing and injured many Later several hindu idols also distroyed by the protester .
Jihadi extremists from Bangladesh are continously attacking Durga Puja pandals and murtis of Durga Devi in the ongoing festival of Navratri . Now where are those people who always narrate ordeals of so-called minorities in India ? Why are they keeping mum on such attacks ?
Hindus of Bangladesh are facing the worst kind of persecution . Musl ! ms are attacking Durga Puja across Bangladesh .
I do n't know but there should at least be economic costs imposed on Bangladesh for what happened over the last 48 hours . This has already become an Islamist ritual . If there 's no cost imposed it 'll be a ritual the goons and govt will * look forward to * every year .
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 3 killed
Bangladeshi Hindus The organization in a Tweet said , “ Like every year , Bangladeshi extremists have started the festival of vandalizing the murti of maa Durga . It happens every year during Durga Puja . ”
Bangladeshi militants begin to vandalize Mother Durga idol . It happens every year during Durga Puja . Why is the government so quiet ? Why not exercise power ? It is now necessary to prevent the infidelity of the Hindu deities and the Hindu deities .
Why no outcry , why no outrage , where are sobcalled Human Right warriors ? ? Hindu 's have no Human rights ? ?
Bangladesh : Islamists damage Durga Puja pandals , attack Hindus over a rumour of ‘ insult to Quran ’ Facebook post claimed Hindus 'insulted Quran by placing it in pandal ' Local Muslim boy shares Facebook post hinting at planned conspiracy
The Idol of Shri Durgadevi in ​​Shri Shamshaneshwar Shiva Vigraha temple in Firangi Bazar was vandalised . Religious fanatics prevented Hindus from worshipping at the Shri Durgadevi temple on Tipu Sultan Marg .
Today what has been done with our Holy Quran can not be expected from The Hindus of Bangladesh . I hope that The incident that happens in Vola someday ago is also done by a Hindu person . But why they are targeting us to The Muslims
The situations of bangladesh is not good . Hindu people of bangldesh are feeling unsafe living here . Muslim people are attacking us more and more times . We need international support .
The persecution continues in Noakhali : 150 Hindu families attacked over ‘ Quran insult ’ rumours as Bangladesh sees a bloodied Durga Puja via
13 October 2021 . A scandalous day in the history of Bangladesh.Many puja mandapas have been vandalized , Pratima Bisarjan in the Day of Austomi . the whole world is silent today . May maa Durga bless all the Hindus of the world.Never Forgive
The organization in a Tweet said , “ Like every year , Bangladeshi extremists have started the festival of vandalizing the murti of maa Durga . It happens every year during Durgapuja .
[ Bangladesh Japan Embassy Consulate ] Alerting the Hindus Celebration `` Durga Puja '' ( from October ... - Thu , 14 Oct 2021
Hindu locals protest against vandalism The vandalism sparked an outrage after which hundreds of worshippers from Shivbari and the nearest puja mandaps gathered before Kotwali police station and protested for about two hours .
is arrested because he deserves it is arrested because he is a Muslim . line of thought .
Communal violence during Durga Puja celebrations in Bangladesh ; 3 killed , 60 injured
if indian people said that why muslim attack on Hindus in bangladesh than i want to say why indians burn our mosque in india ?
Multiple incidents of ‘ murti ’ vandalism ahead of Durga Puja The Durga murti of Sri Shamshaneshwar Shiva Vigraha Mandir was vandalized by Islamic extremists in the Firingibazar area in Chittagong , Bangladesh on Sunday .
Attacks On Durga Puja : Are Hindus Safe In Bangladesh ? Watch with
Hindu-majority India should take drastic steps in this regard ... Bangladesh has become a hell for Bangladeshi Hindus
India condemned the vandalisation of Hindu temples in Bangladesh by some unidentified miscreants during Durga Puja celebrations .
Suvendu Adhikari writes to PM Modi seeking intervention over attack on Hindu temples in Bangladesh
Suvendu Adhikari urges PM Modi to take urgent steps after pandal attacks in Bangladesh
Bangladesh : Goons attack Hindu temples during Durga Puja , 3 killed ; paramilitary force called in
Because of Fake rumors , jihadis attacked Durga pandal & break the idols .... Bangladeshi hindus in danger .
Namaz Schedule hung outside the Durga Puja organised by Uttara Sarbojanin Puja Committee in Dhaka , Bangladesh . Will we in West Bengal be also seeing this outside our Pandals in a few years ?
MuZlims have demolished 9 Durga mandapas and idols in Comilla , Bangladesh . Hundreds of radical MuZlims attacked this morning . If this genocide continue No Hindu will remain alive
Volunteers from all over Bangladesh went to the puja mandaps in their districts and ensured that everyone wore masks . The young , energetic volunteers also made handmade posters and placards containing slogans and social distancing awareness messages .
save hindu please
save hindu please
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 4 killed
Suvendu Adhikari urges PM Modi to take urgent steps after pandal attacks in Bangladesh
Attacks On Durga Puja : Are Hindus Safe In Bangladesh ? | Watch with
save hindu
Bangladeshi militants begin to vandalize Mother Durga idol . It happens every year during Durga Puja . Why is the government so quiet ? Why not exercise power ? It is now necessary to prevent the infidelity of the Hindu deities and the Hindu deities .
Durga murti vandalised in Dhaka . This is how a minority community enjoy it 's religious freedom in a Muslim majority country .
save hindu please
Attacks on 22 Durga Puja Pandals and Hindu Temples all over Bangladesh again tell us that how essential CAA is and so is the NRC very important .
Bangladeshis are most ungrateful peoples in the world . They got freedom at the cost of blood of Hindu soldiers , thrown out 1 cr Hindus in 1971 and pushed 3cr Muslims illegally in India . Now they have problem with remaining B'deshi Hindus .
CAA protest was the domestic pinning down of the Indian Nation by Muslim politics so that Islamic state of Bangladesh & Pakistan can finish off with their job . That 's how Islam wins . Blackmail here , hostage there .
ांग्लादेशीहिन्दू The series of vandalism of Durga murtis in Bangladesh began much before the onset of the nine-day Navratri festival . It happens every year during Durga Puja . ”
save hindu
Hindu temples at Shibganj in Chapanwabganj & Pekua in Cox 's Bazar were brutally attacked & Hindu devotees beaten . Many Hindus have reportedly been killed in the violent clash , however , police have not yet confirmed this .
“ The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong . Police have arrested one . Protests are going on in the streets of Kotwali in Chittagong , ” . Bangladeshi Hindus
In 2017 Hindus of Bangladesh had decided to cut the expenses of Durga Puja to set up a fund to provide relief for the Rohingya refugees who poured into the country following the ethnic violence in Myanmar .
Attacks On Durga Puja : Are Hindus Safe In Bangladesh ? Watch with at 6.27 PM only on CNN-News18
What Muslims are doing in Bangladesh Puja Pandals ? Can you spare a single word to condemn that ? And you ask why Muslims are being discriminated against ? Victim card & change of strategy are too well known to be accepted . So change your ideology . We do n't want another PAK/BD/AFG .
The demand from the Vishva Hindu Parishad came after reports of massive anti-Hindu violence in Bangladesh emerged . Islamists destroyed many temples and pandals .
save hindu
Durga pandals & Temples have been vandalized and Koran placed on the foot of a pandal in Bangladesh . In the attacks three Hindus lost their lives . But anti CAA lobby go silent ! Had it been the case of such attacks on Mosques in India or any of its part what would have happened ?
ye lo brother , now the has become so weak that even is killing him ?
Durga murti vandalized “ Like every year , Bangladeshi extremists have started the festival of vandalizing the murti of maa Durga . It happens every year during Durga Puja . ”
Being a Hindu Bengali I strongly requesting Govt . Of India to take an strong and prompt action against the Bangladesh Government for deliberately not taking action against those secular goons .
The Durga murti of Sri Shamshaneshwar Shiva Vigraha Mandir was vandalized by Islamic extremists in the Firingibazar area in Chittagong , Bangladesh .
From 1400 years nothing has changed . Maa Durga Puja Pandal been vandalized by the Mu $ lims T£rrorists in Bangladesh .
As per this was the third incident of vandalism reported . “ The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong . Police have arrested one
: Bangladesh Police have so far arrested 43 persons involved in attack on Durga pandals , temples and houses of Hindus
is nothing new against Durga Puja pandals n minority Surprisingly many in d Bangladesh govt n other ‘ intellectuals ’ r busy blaming social media platform Facebook , not d actual perpetrators who did the violence Wt a level of 'Intellectuality .. wah
How Islamic culprits made fake post & attacked Bangladeshi Hindu minorities ? Their new agenda to evacuate Hindus from Bangladesh . No international community have any comments . Where is international Human right Commission ?
Bangladesh : Islamists damage Durga Puja pandals , attack Hindus over Facebook Post Several Durga pandals were vandalized , close to 150 families were attacked and at least three Hindus were reportedly killed in the violent clash .
This is the attack on hindutv Bangladeshi hindu are unsafe
Series of vandalism of Durga murtis in Bangladesh began much before the onset of the nine-day Navratri festival .. ? ?
They broke our navratri pandal . Share this ture everywhere and if possible paste on street walls .
This is what they do when they are in majority and when in minority bhaichara keeda came . Bangladeshi hindu are unsafe
Islamists damage Durga Puja pandals , attack Hindus over a rumour of ‘ insult to Quran ’ . Without investigating the matter Muslim community had started attacking Hindus . Why is government of Bangladesh not bringing truth in front of people ?
Hindu temples at Shibganj in Chapanwabganj & Pekua in Cox 's Bazar were brutally attacked & Hindu devotees beaten . Many Hindus have reportedly been killed in the violent clash , however , police have not yet confirmed this .
As per Bangladesh Hindu Unity Council , this was the third incident of vandalism reported . “ The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong .
Every year , Bangladeshi extremists have started breaking the idol of Mata Durga . It happens every year during Durga Puja . Will the government not take any action on this incident ? Bangladeshi Hindus बांग्लादेशी हिन्दू
Bangladesh Govt Should Protect Hindu Minorities in the Country : VHP
The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong . Protests are going on in the streets of Kotwali in Chittagong .
The organization does not talk about the status of the majority Hindu organization ? The number 8 % in Bangladesh is the book to go about .
Several Durga Puja pandals in Bangladesh were attacked by jihadis , this is how hindus will reduce in Bangladesh . Then they will target states in india will make their majority and same things will happen . And you 're playing tweet retweets
save hindu please
Who cares , our so called Hindu organization have condemn this , matter closed
Mob vandalise Durga Puja pandals in Bangladesh , highlighting growing intolerance towards Hindus
Some people more pay more attention to the life of animals in India than Bangladeshi Hindu .... they seem to be of less value than that
The Bangladesh Hindu Unity Council shared another incident of vandalism reported from Dhaka on October 11 Vandalizing the pratima again.This incident took place at Rastampur village of Ashulia in Savar upazila of Dhaka this evening
Today we The Muslims of Bangladesh , The Hindu , The Christians and the other People of Bangladesh should know that The incident what happen in Cumilla is a work done by the Haters who do n't love Bangladesh . Because they want to destroy the Happiness of Bangladesh .
The attack is on hindu dharma
| Groups of Islamic radicals vandalized several Durga idols at various puja pandal in bangladesh
3 Hindus lost their lives in an attack on a Durga puja pandal in Bangladesh . Intolerance anyone ?
sir take step on save hindu In Muslim country and also in India
The vandalism of the murti during Durga Puja reveals how strong the law and punishment system of Bangladesh is .
Is it possible that such a huge mob gathered together without pre planning ?
Muslim mob have demolished 9 Durga mandapas and idols in Comilla , . Hundreds of radical Muslims attacked yesterday and The attack is still going on . Situation is still tense . Hindus are frightened , Police failed to control mob .
Bangladeshi Hindus are under threat In video it can be clearly seen that a Durga Pandal is been attacked by fanatics
Suvendu adhikari , leader of opposition legislative assembly West Bengal , has written a letter to the prime minister Narendra modi about the where Hindu community has been targeted on the pious occasion of by radical Islamists .
Many Durga Pandals destroyed in Bangladesh . I do n't need to tell you the reason
Several incidents of vandalism at Durga Puja pandals were reported in Bangladesh on Wednesday The violence was triggered after some posts on social media alleged besmirching of Quran at a puja venue Several Bangladeshi H ! ndus were also attacked !
Like every year , Durga Puja ended in violence & vandalism for Bangladeshi Hindus . 3 Hindus have reportedly been killed in the riots & many others injured . Indian govt should take up the matter of ensuring security of Hindu minority in Bangladesh .
Hindu Tej Jago ! Religious fanatics oppose worshiping Goddess at Shri Durgadevi Temple in Dhaka Bangladesh Insecurity in Bangladeshi Hindus & their religious festivals in Bangladesh ! Read More :
Pakistan is no heaven for the minorities but Hindu india is now taking this to the next level . You don ’ t jail people for smoking weed . This is clearly an attempt to intimidate SRK and the other Muslims . Leave india move to Bangladesh if you have to but leave india damnit .
pm madi please take steps on save hindu in any countries and also protect temple
This happened in Gujarat allegedly in the presence of an elected MLA . Mobs of RW goons invaded the famous and old islamic shrine of Rozi Roza . They forcibly placed an idol in the shrine and allegedly played abusive songs . Today , the same people are outraging on Bangladesh .
Constant attacks on minority Hindus & their religious places in Bangladesh , Pakistan etc . is disgraceful for Hindus in India and all-party rulers . Now it has become inevitable to declare India as a Hindu Rashtra and stop such attacks .
Bangladeshi militants begin to vandalize Mother Durga idol . It happens every year during Durga Puja . Why is the government so quiet ? Why not exercise power ? It is now necessary to prevent the infidelity of the Hindu deities and the Hindu deities .
Why will Ma Durga idols be broken ? Why will temporary places of worship be destroyed by that so called peaceful community . The World can not afford to remain a blind spectator .
Durga pandals are being vandalized in Bangladesh by peace loving community and our media is anxious why Aryan not got bail.Really India is true secular country where Hindus are treated as terrorists . Well done Mamta , Rahul and all the seculars.Hope secularism end with Arabian .
We 've seen some reports of attacks on religious gatherings in Bangladesh . We note that Bangladesh govt has reacted strongly to it . We also understand that Durga Puja celebrations continue in Bangladesh . Our High Commission is in close contact with authorities : MEA spokesperson
`` Bangladeshi Hindus '' Reportedly , videos and photos of the Quran kept in a Durga Pandal of Cummila were circulated widely on social media . The Islamists claimed that the Hindus had deliberately kept their holy book
The persecution continues in Noakhali : 150 Hindu families attacked over ‘ Quran insult ’ rumours as Bangladesh sees a bloodied Durga Puja
Denying the claims of insulting the Quran , Shibu Prasad Dutta , general secretary of Cumilla Mahanagar Puja Udjapon Committee , informed that someone placed a copy of the Quran at a Durga Puja pavilion early in the morning when no one was watching
When rumours of Quran 's insult went viral , jihadis immediately took to the streets and vandalized temples in Chandpur ’ s Hajiganj , Chattogram ’ s Banshkhali , Chapainawabganj ’ s Shibganj and Cox ’ s Bazar ’ s Pekua and brutally attacked Bangladeshi Hindus
The Hindus in Bangladesh labelled October 13 as a ‘ Black Day ’ after a stray Facebook post triggered widespread violence against Bangladeshi Hindus . Durga pandals were vandalized , 150 families were attacked & at least 3 Hindus were reportedly killed …
As per reports , several Durga Puja pandals in Bangladesh were attacked by jihadis . Late at night on Wednesday , a social media rumour that the Quran had been denigrated went viral . Bangladeshi Hindus were also attacked and Hindu women were molested . …
Do you see the DurgaPujo mandap of the minority Hindu community in Bangladesh being demolished every year by the majority Muslims of that country ? How do you see the significant decline in the number of Bangladeshi Hindu minorities ?
Sri Durgadevi pooja at the historic Sankhannidhi Temple in Dhaka , Bangladesh opposed by Religious fanatics ! While Hindus world over are celebrating religious freedom of Bangladeshi Hindus is throttled ! Request to look into this
Not in any Muslim country , Hindus are safe
As Hindus attacked over ‘ Quran insult ’ rumours during Durga Puja , Suvendu Adhikari urges PM Modi to provide relief to the Sanatani People of Bangladesh Wake Up Hindus !
The Idol of Shri Durgadevi in ​​the Shri Shamshaneshwar Shiva Vigraha temple in Firangi Bazar was vandalised . Hindus are prevented from worshipping at the Shri Durgadevi temple on Tipu Sultan Marg .
Religious fanatics oppose worshipping Goddess at Shri Durgadevi Temple in Dhaka ( Bangladesh ) Insecurity in Hindus and their religious festivals in Bangladesh !
Two more Durga murtis vandalized before the festival The series of vandalism of Durga murtis in Bangladesh began much before the onset of the nine-day Navratri festival . As per another Twitter post by the Council , a yet to be completed Durga
3rd incident . The attack took place on the road while the Durga idol was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong . Police have arrested one . Protests are going on in the streets of Kotwali in Chittagong .
The Idol of Durga Mata in ​​the Shri Shamshaneshwar Shiva Vigraha temple in Firangi Bazar was vandalised . Religious fanatics prevented Hindus from worshipping at the Durga Mata temple on Tipu Sultan Marg . Now Minorities are not in Danger .
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 3 killed
Jay shree RAM
me and my bois on our way to say that Hindu are not in danger . once Bangladesh used to be a Hindu majority now see the situation . this is India in 30 years
hmmm ! ... So was this attack pre-planned with anti-hindu conspiracy keeping in mind hindu-genocide ? ? ?
Durga Puja : Temples & Pandals attacked in Bangladesh ; 3 dead & Section 144 imposed
The vandalism of the murti during Durga Puja reveals how strong the law and punishment system of Bangladesh is ! ” Tweeted the Council . The locals have demanded strict action against the miscreants .
Denying the claims of insulting the Quran , Shibu Prasad Dutta , general secretary of Cumilla Mahanagar Puja Udjapon Committee , informed that someone placed a copy of the Quran at a Durga Puja pavilion early in the morning when no one was watching
Like every year , Bangladeshi extremists have started the festival of vandalizing the idol of maa Durga . It happens every year during Durga Puja . Where is international Human right Commission
Bangladesh police shoot dead four people after the Islamic holy book is placed on a figure of the Hindu monkey god Hanuman . Read more ...
Bangladesh : Islamists damage Durga Puja pandals , attack Hindus over Facebook Post Several Durga pandals were vandalized , close to 150 families were attacked and at least three Hindus were reportedly killed in the violent clash .
Atleast our holy books and our hindu saints have not thought us to kill people , to convert people on the name of religion and vandalized their holi books , church or dargah ...
Hindus are not safe in majority country
Hindus respect girls as goddess and give respect to all women this is Hindu culture but another way Muslim jihadi target Hindu Girls , kill and through in shoot case in river Hindu Dharma V/S in Muslim (
Bangladesh police shoot dead four people after the Islamic holy book is placed on a figure of the Hindu monkey god Hanuman . Read more ...
Bangladesh police shoot dead four people after the Islamic holy book is placed on a figure of the Hindu monkey god Hanuman . Read more ...
As Hindus attacked over ‘ Quran insult ’ rumours during Durga Puja , Suvendu Adhikari urges PM Modi to provide relief to the Sanatani People of Bangladesh
Bangladesh police shoot dead four people after the Islamic holy book is placed on a figure of the Hindu monkey god Hanuman .
Several Hindu soldiers lost their lives at war to liberate Bangladesh in1971 but .... Last 24 hours in Bangladesh : 1 . Several Maa Durga idols & pandals were vandalized . 2 . Temples were also attacked in the ensuing violence in Chandpur 's Hajiganj .
The Durga murti of Sri Shamshaneshwar Shiva Vigraha Mandir was vandalized by Islamic extremists in the Firingibazar area in Chittagong , Bangladesh We should see that those attacked not allowed to pray during Durgapuja
Attacks On Durga Puja : Are Hindus Safe In Bangladesh ? Watch with at 6.27 PM only on CNN-News18
Few ex : Durga murti of Sri Shamshaneshwar Shiva Vigraha Mandir was vandalized After Kushtia , Durga idol was vandalized in Joypurhat Attack took place on d road while Durga idol was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong
We 've seen some reports of attacks on religious gatherings in Bangladesh . We note that Bangladesh govt has reacted strongly to it . We also understand that Durga Puja celebrations continue in Bangladesh . Our High Commission is in close contact with authorities : MEA spokesperson
The Durga murti of Sri Shamshaneshwar Shiva Vigraha Mandir was vandalized by Islamic extremists in the Firingibazar area in Chittagong , Bangladesh on Sunday . As per Bangladesh Hindu Unity Council , this was the third incident of vandalism reported .
In Bangladesh 3 Hindus hv bn lynched by a mob today . Their faultline was they had bn celebrating Durga Pooja . Mamta Banerjee is keeping silence as usual . Minorities in India r safe but minority Hindus r endangered in Pakistan & Bangladesh.Our Lutyens & liberals r too in silent mode .
Attacks on 22 Durga Puja Pandals and Hindu Temples all over Bangladesh again tell us that how essential CAA is and so is the NRC very important .
Last few days was horrible for Hindus living in Bangladesh.More than 10 puja pandals were vandalised and 5 were killed.Its time for UN and govt of India to take up the issue with Bangladesh govt
Because of Fake Rumors on Facebook insulting the Quran , jihadis attacked Durga pandal and broke the idols , and manhandled the hindus woman ! !
3rd incident . The attack took place on the road while the Durga idol was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong . Police have arrested one . Protests are going on in the streets of Kotwali in Chittagong .
The vandalism sparked an outrage after which hundreds of worshippers from Shivbari and the nearest puja mandaps gathered before Kotwali police station and protested for about two hours .
Few ex : Durga murti of Sri Shamshaneshwar Shiva Vigraha Mandir was vandalized After Kushtia , Durga idol was vandalized in Joypurhat Attack took place on d road while Durga idol was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong
We note that the government of Bangladesh has acted promptly on the incidents of violence on Durga Puja celebrations and deployed police and security measures : MEA
Latest : We 've seen some reports of attacks on religious gatherings in Bangladesh . We note that Bangladesh govt has reacted strongly to it . We also understand that Durga Puja celebrations continue in Bangladesh . Our High Commission is in close contact with authorities - MEA spoky
Spreading rumors of insulting the Qur'an , the puja mandapa of Nanua Dighi par in Comilla was attacked Where are the people who speaks about minority community in india unsafe Do you have any guts to utter a single word onthis
Place called Nanuya dighi of Comilla durga pandal has been propagated or created fake issue to vandalise the puja mandop ( pandals ) of all Bangladesh . This fake news or narrative has spread yesterday morning . Afer this some of Durga pandals has been vandalised by jih mob .
The Durga idol of Shri Shamshaneswara Shiva idol has been found in the firingbazar area of ​​Chittagong , Bangladesh . Why is the central government not paying attention to such attacks in the midst of the Navratri festival ️
Now where is so called World leader Narendra Modi ? Why is he silent on the attrocities committed against Hindus in Bangladesh . Narendra Modi is more worried about his image and less worried about hindu community . That 's the sad reality
Bangladesh : Durga Puja pandals vandalized , idols also broken , paramilitary forces in 22 districts
India 's official statement over recent targeted clashes in Durga puja in Bangladesh . Govt . Is keeping a close eye over the developments .
Please look into this stop the in please speak up ..
Why will Ma Durga idols be broken ? Why will temporary places of worship be destroyed . The World can not afford to remain a blind spectator .
Bangladeshi militants begin to vandalize Mother Durga idol . It happens every year during Durga Puja . Why is the government so quiet ? Why not exercise power ? It is now necessary to prevent the infidelity of the Hindu deities and the Hindu deities .
Communal violence during Durga Puja celebrations in Bangladesh ; 3 killed , 60 injured
Bangladeshi militants begin to vandalize Mother Durga idol . It happens every year during Durga Puja . Why is the government so quiet ? Why not exercise power ? It is now necessary to prevent the infidelity of the Hindu deities and the Hindu deities .
Communal violence throughout Durga Puja celebrations in Bangladesh ; 3 killed , 60 injured | World Information -
Constant attacks on minority Hindus & their religious places in Bangladesh , Pakistan etc . is disgraceful for Hindus in India and all-party rulers . Now it has become inevitable to declare India as a Hindu Rashtra and stop such attacks .
3rd incident . The attack took place on the road while the Durga idol was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong . Police have arrested one . Protests are going on in the streets of Kotwali in Chittagong .
This govt cant protect hindu beliefs in India , so there 's no expectation for it show soft power elsewhere .
Bangladeshi Muslims are burning and vandalizing Hindu temple houses and killing Hindus all over Bangladesh on charges of insulting false religion . I seek the immediate intervention of the Indian Government and Army .
Jihadi extremists from Bangladesh are continously attacking Durga Puja pandals and murtis of Durga Devi in the ongoing festival of Navratri . Now where are those people who always narrate ordeals of so-called minorities in India Why are they keeping
Today Durga Puja is the main religious festival of Hindus.extremist violent Muslims do not allow minority Hindus to celebrate Durga Puja in Bangladesh.the idol has been vandalized in every place .
I request you please bring minorities ( Hindus ) safely to India and provide them Indian citizenship so that they can celebrate their festivals peacefully because muslims have destroyed puja pandal idols , killed .
is repeatedly happening year on year .... now they are openly attacking our puja pandals and challeging Bangladeshi Hindus .. govt . must interven in this
'Comilla Quran insult ' in Durga puja pandal of Bangladesh is an age old Islamic pretext of hurting religious feelings of Hindus there and persecute them . `` Ghumao Bangla '' ! ! !
Hindu Temples Attacked In Bangladesh During Durga Puja , 3 Killed : Report
The vandalism of the murti during Durga Puja reveals how strong the law and punishment system of Bangladesh is ! !
Well thanks to attacks on Hindus and puja mondals in Bangladesh , Indian right wing has taken over on Twitter . If You read them you will feel like as if a genocide has taken place . Muslims extremists and Hindu extremists both using the attacks to galvanize their bases
When rumours of Quran 's insult went viral , jihadis immediately took to the streets and vandalized temples in Chandpur ’ s Hajiganj , Chattogram ’ s Banshkhali , Chapainawabganj ’ s Shibganj and Cox ’ s Bazar ’ s Pekua and brutally attacked Bangladeshi Hindus
Bangladesh : Goons attack Hindu temples during Durga Puja , 3 killed ; paramilitary force called in
At least 3 killed , Durga Puja pandals vandalised in Bangladesh via
Bangladesh : Goons Place Quran At Feet Of A Ganesh Murti , Trigger Mob Attacks On Multiple Durga Puja Pandals
Multiple Durga Puja pandals have been vandalised and 3 hindus have been killed by Muslim mob in Bangladesh .
MEA on Durga Puja pandals attacked in Bangladesh : We have seen disturbing reports of untoward incident of attacks on religious gathering in Bangladesh . We note that the govt of B ’ desh has reacted promptly to ensure control of the situation…
The Suvendu official has written a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi seeking his intervention in the demolition of Durga Puja pandals in Bangladesh . BJP leader Suvendu Adhikari writes letter to PM Modi over vandalism of Durga Puja pandals…
Two more Durga murtis vandalized before the festival The series of vandalism of Durga murtis in Bangladesh began much before the onset of the nine-day Navratri festival .
When rumours of Quran 's insult went viral , jihadis immediately took to the streets and vandalized temples in Chandpur ’ s Hajiganj , Chattogram ’ s Banshkhali , Chapainawabganj ’ s Shibganj and Cox ’ s Bazar ’ s Pekua and brutally attacked Bangladeshi Hindus
Puja Udjapon Committee , informed that someone placed a copy of Quran at Durga Puja pavilion as a deliberate act to create a rumour . Was confirmed by a district official who said , “ Miscreants took some tures of this , propaganda spread like wildfire
Attack on Hindu Bengalis continue in Bangladesh even during Radicals attacked Puja Pandal in Nanuna Par area of Comilla . People have been attacked ; Murtis have been vandalized
In Bangladesh Several Maa Durga idols & pandals were vandalized . Temples were also attacked in the ensuing violence in Chandpur 's Hajiganj , Chattogram 's Banshkhali , Chapainawabganj 's Shibganj and Cox Bazar 's Pekua .
Every year , Bangladeshi extremists have started breaking the idol of Mata Durga . It happens every year during Durga Puja . Will the government not take any action on this incident ? Bangladeshi Hindus बांग्लादेशी हिन्दू
Via The Avatar Clicks on FB : In a desperate bid to save their lives Bangladesh Hindu Unity Council is appealing the Prime Minister of Bangladesh to protect them from Islamic Terrorists . In the tweet Bangladesh Hindu Unity Council pleaded that they will not worship if .. 1/2
Former Bangladesh Minister Hasanul Haq Inu speaks to Republic on the Bangladesh violence and attack on Hindu temples amid Durga Puja . Watch here
Stand with Bangladesh hindu
Bangladeshi militants begin to vandalize Mother Durga idol . It happens every year during Durga Puja . Why is the government so quiet ? Why not exercise power ? It is now necessary to prevent the infidelity of the Hindu deities and the Hindu deities .
MEA on minorities being attacked in Bangladesh during Durga Puja : Have noted action by Bangladesh govt & it 's support to Puja .
Durga idol broken , thrown in pond as angry mob vandalises puja pandals in Bangladesh .. Insecurity in Hindus and their religious festivals in Bangladesh !
News reports are coming in from Bangladesh that several Durga Puja pandals have been destroyed by Islamist fanatics . On 13thOct , a Social media rumour that the Quran had been denigrated went viral following which the Puja pandals were targeted .
We 've seen some reports of attacks on religious gatherings in Bangladesh . We note that Bangladesh govt has reacted strongly to it . We also understand that Durga Puja celebrations continue in Bangladesh . Our High Commission is in close contact with authorities : MEA spokesperson
4th incident . Vandalizing the pratima again . This incident took place at Rastampur village of Ashulia in Savar upazila of Dhaka this evening . We are drawing the attention of all the puja mandapa authorities and volunteers .
We 've seen some reports of attacks on religious gatherings in Bangladesh . We note that Bangladesh govt has reacted strongly to it . We also understand that Durga Puja celebrations continue in Bangladesh . Our High Commission is in close contact with authorities : MEA spokesperson
The series of vandalism of Durga murtis in Bangladesh began much before the onset of the nine-day Navratri festival .
Constant attacks on minority Hindus & their religious places in Bangladesh , Pakistan etc . is disgraceful for Hindus in India and all-party rulers . Now it has become inevitable to declare India as a Hindu Rashtra and stop such attacks .
Durga murti of Sri Shamshaneshwar Shiva Vigraha Mandir was vandalized by Islamic extremists . Bangladeshi hindus are suffering more these minority communities cry no one listing We request government of India take up the matter with
Bangladesh : Islamists damage Durga Puja pandals , attack Hindus over Facebook Post Several Durga pandals were vandalized , close to 150 families were attacked and at least three Hindus were reportedly killed in the violent clash .
We 've seen some reports of attacks on religious gatherings in Bangladesh . We note that Bangladesh govt has reacted strongly to it . We also understand that Durga Puja celebrations continue in Bangladesh . Our High Commission is in close contact with authorities : MEA spokesperson
IIT Kanpur study praises ‘ UP model ’ of Covid handling Bangladesh : Islamic Extremists vandalize multiple Durga Puja Pandals , three Hindus reported dead there
Thank your Stars you are born in India I thank and feel lucky I am born in a Hindu Family . Visuals from Bangladesh is painful and heartbreaking .. These monsters will meet their fate soon .
Once again proved that Hindus and Hindu Temples are not safe at all in Bangladesh ...
SHOULD THE 'SECULAR ' ANTI CAA GANG SPEAK OUT AGAINST ISLAMISTS FOR ATTACKING HINDUS & DURGA PUJA IN BANGLADESH ?
Attacks on religious centers , Durga Puja events : We are aware of it and also are aware of that Bangladeshi Govt took immediate step to step up the security .. Our embassy and consulates in contact with Govt , says
is repeatedly happening year on year .... now they are openly attacking our puja pandals and challeging Bangladeshi Hindus .. must interven in this
Puja Udjapon Committee , informed that someone placed a copy of Quran at Durga Puja pavilion as a deliberate act to create a rumour . Was confirmed by a district official who said , “ Miscreants took some tures of this , propaganda spread like wildfire
The Durga murties been vandalised in Bangladesh on the vocation of nine-day Navratri festival Bangladesh : Islamists damage Durga Puja pandals , attack Hindus over a rumour of ‘ insult to Quran ’
Puja Udjapon Committee , informed that someone placed a copy of Quran at Durga Puja pavilion as a deliberate act to create a rumour . Was confirmed by a district official who said , “ Miscreants took some tures of this , propaganda spread like wildfire
Attacks on Hindus is nothing new in Bangladesh . After current violence against Durga Puja pandals all are busy blaming the social media platform . This is not the first time that a social media post was used as an excuse to attack Bangladeshi Hindus
The Durga murties been vandalised in Bangladesh on the vocation of nine-day Navratri festival
Our Hindu Brothers and sisters are not safe in Islamic countries ... Bangladesh is going on Pakistan and Afghanistan paths this is to be dangerous for Hidnus and India
The attacks on Hindus and vandalism of Durga Maa idols by the extremists in Bangladesh is unfortunate and disturbing , I strongly condemn it . Also , I request Bangladesh govt to take necessary steps to protect minority Hindus living there & punish the culprits .
The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong . Protests are going on in the streets of Kotwali in Chittagong .
Why is Mamata Banerjee silent on the issue of mob vandalism on Durga Pujo in ? Because it is an international matter . For the same reason as she would require Central Government 's permission to visit Rome .
Puja Udjapon Committee , informed that someone placed a copy of Quran at Durga Puja pavilion as a deliberate act to create a rumour . Was confirmed by a district official who said , “ Miscreants took some tures of this , propaganda spread like wildfire
The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong . Protests are going on in the streets of Kotwali in Chittagong .
Religious fanatics prevented Hindus from worshipping at the Shri Durgadevi temple on Tipu Sultan Marg .
Durga Puja celebrations being prevented in Bangladesh , ca n't the administration see ? ? ? Has the world gone blind ? ? ?
Durga Puja celebrations being prevented in Bangladesh , ca n't the administration see ? Has the world gone blind ?
We want strict action against the miscreants of ‘ murti ’ vandalism of Maa Durga .
Attacks on Hindus is nothing new in Bangladesh . After current violence against Durga Puja pandals all are busy blaming the social media platform . This is not the first time that a social media post was used as an excuse to attack Bangladeshi Hindus
Fanatic mob continue to dismantle Hindutva in Bangladesh as reports came of several incidents of demolition of Durga Puja pandals along with idols last night . Days are not so far when Hindus started to be aggressive .
It 's a failure of modi govt . They never raise voice against hindu genocide in islamic countries like and pakistan . What is stopping india to file a official complaint to OIC ?
Bangladesh : Multiple incidents of ‘ murti ’ vandalism ahead of Durga Puja
Bangladesh : Goons attack Hindu temples during Durga Puja , 3 killed ; paramilitary force called in
Ram vagtaho avi chup qলাগাতার দুই বছর , মাথাপিছু আয়ের নিরিখে ভারতের থেকে ফের এগিয়ে বাংলাদেশ - bangladesh leads india on per capita gdp for twice in a row according to imf data , Bangla News
As per Bangladesh Hindu Unity Council , this was the third incident of vandalism reported . “ The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong . Bangladeshi Hindus
Bangladesh : Islamists damage Durga Puja pandals , attack Hindus over a rumour of ‘ insult to Quran ’
The Islamic extremists immediately took to the streets and vandalized temples in Chandpur ’ s Hajiganj Chattogram ’ s Banshkhali Chapainawabganj ’ s Shibganj and Cox ’ s Bazar ’ s Pekua and brutally attacked the Hindu devotees .
We gave Vaccine to Bangladesh to fight against Covid 19 and what did they do ? They killed Hindus , Broke the idol of Maa Durga , Set fire to the pandal , Hang namaz timing in pandal , Even Maa Durga was Immersed in water without performing Ashtami Puja .
Many Hindus are worried about what ’ s happening with hindu people in Bangladesh and asking the government to raise concern . I hope you do the same for minorities in India .
The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong . Protests are going on in the streets of Kotwali in Chittagong .
Durga murti vandalized “ Like every year , Bangladeshi extremists have started the festival of vandalizing the murti of maa Durga . It happens every year during Durga Puja . ”
Bangladesh police arrests 43 people involved in attack on Hindu houses & vandalising temples in Cumilla town
The persecution continues in Noakhali : 150 Hindu families attacked over ‘ Quran insult ’ rumours as Bangladesh sees a bloodied Durga Puja
Several Durga pandals vandalized , close to 150 families attacked n at least 3 Hindus reportedly killed in violent clash Hindus in Bangladesh labelled October 13 as a ‘ Black Day ’ after a widespread violence against d minority community in Bangladesh
Unsafe Hindus in Bangladesh and their Dharmik festivals ! Where is the human rights organization about the attack on Hindu festivals in Bangladesh ? ानवाधिकारों_का_हनन
Bangladeshi militants begin to vandalize Mother Durga idol . It happens every year during Durga Puja . Why is the government so quiet ? Why not exercise power ? It is now necessary to prevent the infidelity of the Hindu deities and the Hindu deities
As per Bangladesh Hindu Unity Council , this was the third incident of vandalism reported . “ The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong . Police have arrested the people .
At least three protesters were killed and many others , including policemen , injured on Wednesday night after the alleged `` desecration '' of the Holy Quran at a temporary Hindu temple sparked violent protests in Bangladesh .
Bangladesh police shot dead four people as hundreds vandalised several Hindu temples across the Muslim-majority country , police said Thursday .
Bangladesh police shot dead four people as hundreds vandalised several Hindu temples across the Muslim-majority country , police said Thursday . Read more :
Insecurity in Hindus and their religious festivals in Bangladesh To stop this situations permanently
Massive attacks on Durga Pujo Pandals and Hindu Temples all over Bangladesh by Muslims , Muslim Mobs attacking and destroying temples and Pandals . These visuals are horrific . Hindus r being attacked n killed in all Islamic countries .no protection hue n cry for them anywhre .
Muslim mobs have demolished around 9 Durga mandapas and idols in . Because they are in majority in . Whereas in India they are crying and Playing Victim card just only because Aryan Jaha Majority waha maro logo ko . Or jaha minorty waha victim card
Why only hindu has to tolerate again & again ? Indian Hindus being majority ! Bangladeshi Hindus being minority !
Insecurity in Hindus and their religious festivals in Bangladesh To stop this situations permanently
Ye Video Dekh Ke Dil Dahal Jata Hai Dangerous Video How They Attack On Hindu Comunity Hindu Are Not Safe In Bangladesh
Why don ’ t talk about the status of Hindu religious festivals in Muslim-majority Bangladesh ... ?
The vandalism sparked an outrage & hundreds of Bangladeshi Hindu worshippers from Shivbari & the nearest puja mandaps gathered before Kotwali police station & protested for 2 hrs . This reveals how strong the law & punishment system is over there !
Facebook video poster among 43 detained over incitement and attacks on Hindu temples in Bangladesh
Jihadi extremists from Bangladesh r continously attacking Durga Puja pandals n murtis of Durga Devi in d ongoing festival of Navratri . Now where r those people who always narrate ordeals of so-called minorities in India ? Why mum on such attacks ?
BJP leader Suvendu Adhikari writes to PM Modi to take necessary and urgent steps to provide relief to the 'Sanatani People ' of Bangladesh in view of vandalism occuring at several Durga Puja pandals and various temples in Bangladesh . ( ANI )
The Hindu Council in a Tweet said , “ Like every year , Bangladeshi extremists have started the festival of vandalizing the murti of maa Durga . It happens every year during Durga Puja. ” When the vandalizing of Hindu idols will stop ? ?
Durga murti vandalized in Dhaka The Bangladesh Hindu Unity Council shared another incident of vandalism reported from Dhaka on October 11 Series of vandalism of Durga murtis in Bangladesh began much before d onset of d 9 day Navratri festival
This is why we need hindu nation .
Bangladesh : Multiple incidents of ‘ murti ’ vandalism ahead of Durga Puja The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong .
No news coverage no voice from celebrity . During Durga puja in Bangladesh
Durga murti vandalized in Dhaka The Bangladesh HinduUnity Council shared another incident of vandalism reported from Dhaka on Oct 11 “ Vandalizing the pratima again . This incident took place at Rastampur village of Ashulia in Savar upazila of Dhaka
Tyal muslim life .. Birth ; kill other religion ( Hindu ) kill muslim ( different caste ) Death ( in Riot )
Sincere request to Honble Prime Minister ji to provide security for our Hindu Community staying in Bangladesh.I strongly condemn the attack on our Hindus in Bangladesh.We wont tolerate it at all .
On the occasion of immersion of idols on Ashtami day , many worship pavilions were vandalized & Hindus were killed . Hindus now have to guard d worship pavilions.Maa Durga keep her blessings on all Hindus.Never forgive d beast who does such an act .
While attacks on Hindus and Hindu places of worship is nothing new for Bangladeshi Hindus , after the current violence against Durga Puja pandals , many in the Bangladesh government and other ‘ intellectuals ’ are busy blaming the social media platform
Bangladesh : Islamists damage Durga Puja pandals , attack Hindus over a rumour of ‘ insult to Quran ’
Bangladesh are continously attacking Durga Puja pandals and murtis of Durga Devi in the ongoing festival of Navratri . Now where are those people who always narrate ordeals of so-called minorities in India ? Why are they keeping mum on such attacks ?
Fanatic mob continue to dismantle Hindutva in Bangladesh as reports came of several incidents of demolition of Durga Puja pandals along with idols last night . Days are not so far when Hindus started to be aggressive .
Hindu-majority India should take drastic steps in this regard ... Bangladesh has become a hell for Bangladeshi Hindus
Durga murti of Sri Shamshaneshwar Shiva Vigraha Mandir was vandalized by Islamic extremists . Bangladeshi hindus are suffering more these minority communities cry no one listing We request government of India take up the matter with
Bangladesh : Multiple incidents of ‘ murti ’ vandalism ahead of Durga Puja The Durga murti of Sri Shamshaneshwar Shiva Vigraha Mandir was vandalized by Islamic extremists in the Firingibazar area in Chittagong , Bangladesh on Sunday
Bangladesh : Multiple incidents of ‘ murti ’ vandalism ahead of Durga Puja
Series of vandalism of Durga murtis in Bangladesh began much before the onset of the nine-day Navratri festival .. ? ?
The vandalism of the murti during Durga Puja reveals how strong the law and punishment system of Bangladesh is ... ? ?
is repeatedly happening year on year .... now they are openly attacking our puja pandals and challeging Bangladeshi Hindus .. must interven in this
Bangladesh : Multiple incidents of ‘ murti ’ vandalism ahead of Durga Puja The Durga murti of Sri Shamshaneshwar Shiva Vigraha Mandir was vandalized by Islamic extremists in the Firingibazar area in Chittagong , Bangladesh on Sunday
While attacks on Hindus and Hindu places of worship is nothing new for Bangladeshi Hindus , after the current violence against Durga Puja pandals , many in the Bangladesh government and other ‘ intellectuals ’ are busy blaming the social media platform
When Sikhs can be murdered in cold Blood .. What can v expect .. in other locations . About time .. to Reassessment of policies and future actions . Prayers Jai Hind .
News reports are coming from Bangladesh that several Durga Puja pandals have been destroyed by Islamist fanatics A social media rumour that the Quran had been denigrated went viral following which the idols were targeted
President , PM greet Hindu community on Durga Puja | News Flash | Bangladesh Sangbad Sangstha ( BSS )
Bangladesh : Islamic extremists vandalize multiple Durga Puja pandals , three Hindus reported dead
The organization does not talk about the status of the majority Hindu organization ? The number 8 % in Bangladesh is the book to go about .
Indian media propagating 150 Hindu families attacked by Muslim extremists in Cumilla We Bangladesh must protest indian lies . India has resorted to direct propaganda . Hindus has insulted Quran and till last night 11 Muslims killed . Hindus strategy to destabilize and gain advantage
temples in have been vandalised by some unidentified miscreants during the Durga Puja celebrations , prompting the government to deploy paramilitary force in 22 districts after three people were killed and many others injured in the rio…
temples in have been vandalised by some unidentified miscreants during the Durga Puja celebrations , prompting the government to deploy paramilitary force in 22 districts after three people were killed and many others injured in the rio…
`` Bangladeshi Hindus '' Reportedly , videos and photos of the Quran kept in a Durga Pandal of Cummila were circulated widely on social media . The Islamists claimed that the Hindus had deliberately kept their holy book in the pandal as a mark of insult .
Series of vandalism of Durga murtis in Bangladesh began much before the onset of the nine-day Navratri festival .. ? ?
temples in have been vandalised by some unidentified miscreants during the Durga Puja celebrations , prompting the government to deploy paramilitary force in 22 districts after three people were killed and many others injured in the rio…
temples in have been vandalised by some unidentified miscreants during the Durga Puja celebrations , prompting the government to deploy paramilitary force in 22 districts after three people were killed and many others injured in the rio…
Today , some extremist hindus have insulted the Holy Quarn at the puja mandav in Comilla , Bangladesh.I strongly protest against this .
শিরোনাম ং_সাদুল্লাপুর_ইউনিয়ন িরোনাম িন্দু াতি াম ুরআন ান াননাকারীর িন াস্তি াই People of Hindu religion in Bangladesh have insulted the Islamic PBA book Quran .
Like every year , Durga Puja ended in violence & vandalism for Bangladeshi Hindus . 3 Hindus have reportedly been killed in the riots & many others injured . Indian govt should take up the matter of ensuring security of Hindu minority in Bangladesh .
And this people attack Muslims in India not a single word against mob lynching done b * * * n goans Hypocrisy ki seema hoti hai
I am upset . We have 303 MPs in the parliament . But , neither they can save the Hindus of WB by imposing President Rule , nor they can handle the horrific persecution of Hindus during Durga Puja in Bangladesh diplomatically .
Bangladesh : Multiple incidents of ‘ murti ’ vandalism ahead of Durga Puja
Photos coming from Comilla , . Islamic mob attacked and vandalized several Durga idol . But where is Champions of Human rights now ? ? ?
Why will Ma Durga idols be broken ? Why will temporary places of worship be destroyed by that so called peaceful community . The World can not afford to remain a blind spectator .
The vandalism sparked an outrage & hundreds of Bangladeshi Hindu worshippers from Shivbari & the nearest puja mandaps gathered before Kotwali police station & protested for 2 hrs . This reveals how strong the law & punishment system is over there !
Communal violence during Durga Puja celebrations in Bangladesh ; 3 killed , 60 injured
Shibu Prasad Dutta , the general secretary of Cumilla Mahanagar Puja Udjapon Committee , informed that someone placed a copy of the Quran at a Durga Puja pavilion in Nanua Dighir Par early in the morning as a deliberate act to create a rumour .
The Hypocrites who were thumping their chest on a road accident in Lakhimpur Kheri are silent on the vandalism of Durga Puja pandals in Bangladesh , for them Hindus have no say also really sad to see no official Statement from to condemn the violence such a shame .
Need to clarify From Bangladesh Government why Demolished Maa Durga 's Incarnation . Please keep forward everyone or copy paste for Trending below Hashtag
Massive attacks on Durga Puja Pandals in Bangladesh , Muslim Mobs attacking and destroying temples and Pandals , visuals are from Chandpur
: engage in multiple attacks , desecration of Durga idols ahead of and during Hindu festivities
Fanatic mob continue to dismantle Hindutva in Bangladesh as reports came of several incidents of demolition of Durga Puja pandals along with idols last night . Days are not so far when Hindus started to be aggressive .
Hindu temple under attack in Bangladesh
Communal violence during Durga Puja celebrations in Bangladesh ; 3 killed , 60 injured | World News
police have arrested 43 people involved in the attack on Hindu houses and for vandalising temples in Cumilla town of the country on Wednesday . The police have also arrested the person who allegedly first put video of desecration of the Holy Quran on social media .
BJP leader Suvendu Adhikari writes to PM Modi to take necessary and urgent steps to provide relief to the 'Sanatani People ' of Bangladesh in view of the mob attacks on multiple venues in several cities and bloodshed seen at the pandals .
The constant persecution of the Hindu community in Bangladesh which has become more evident this Navratri is exactly how much the radical Islamic jihadists are on the rise.We Indians strongly condemn the act of breaking the idol of Maa Durga
While attacks on Hindus is nothing new in Bangladesh , after the current violence at Durga Puja pandals , many in Bangladesh govt & other ‘ intellectuals ’ are busy in blaming social media platform Facebook not the actual perpetrators who did violence .
And Indians Hindu liberated Bangladesh .
Durga murties were destroyed in Bangladesh on the navaratri occasion
| Communal violence erupts during durga puja in Bangladesh , 3 killed , 60 injured .
`` The Hindus in Bangladesh labelled October 13 as a ‘ Black Day ’ after a stray Facebook post triggered widespread violence against the minority community in Bangladesh . Several Durga pandals were vandalized , ``
Save and in - Islamists are attacking Hindu places of worship , temples , households , and Puja pandal since yesterday .
during the period of Durga Pooja has become common practice . The series of vandalism of Durga murti es and attack on Bangaladeshi Hindus are indicative of sorry state of law and order and Lack of freedom and safty for Hindus ALARMING
The murti of Sri Shamshaneshwar Shiva Vigraha Mandir was vandalized by Islamic extremists in the Firingibazar area in Chittagong , Bangladesh on Sunday . `` Bangladeshi Hindus ''
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 3 killed
It was a Hindu majoritarian country that : -gave away 1/3rd if it ’ s land in 1947 to form Pakistan . -liberated Bangladesh in 1971 . -built infrastructure , Parliament building , cricket stadium and library in Afghanistan . Today Hindus have been wiped out from all 3 countries . Wow
Puja celebrations being prevented in Bangladesh , ca n't the administration see ? Has the world gone blind ?
leader Suvendu Adhikari writes to PM Modi to take necessary and urgent steps to provide relief to the 'Sanatani People ' of Bangladesh in view of vandalism occuring at several Durga Puja pandals and various temples in ( ANI )
This time Durga murti was vandalized in Joypurhat . The vandalism of the murti during Durga Puja reveals how strong the law and punishment system of Bangladesh is !
The vandalism sparked an outrage after which hundreds of worshippers from Shivbari and the nearest puja mandaps gathered before Kotwali police station and protested for about two hours . Bangladeshi Hindus
Bangladesh : Multiple incidents of ‘ murti ’ vandalism ahead of Durga Puja
The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong.Police have arrested one.Protests are going on in the streets of Kotwali in Chittagong , ” Tweeted the Council along with the images .
A Facebook post insulting the Koran went viral and was subsequently vandalized by Islamic extremists in several Durga pandals . At the same time , hundreds of Hindus were also attacked . Similarly , Hindus need to know the real form of fanatics .
Jihadi extremists from Bangladesh r continously attacking Durga Puja pandals n murtis of Durga Devi in d ongoing festival of Navratri . Now where r those people who always narrate ordeals of so-called minorities in India ? Why mum on such attacks ?
While attacks on Hindus and Hindu places of worship is nothing new in Bangladesh , after the current violence against Durga Puja pandals , many in the Bangladesh government and other ‘ intellectuals ’ are busy blaming the social media platform Facebook
As per Bangladesh Hindu Unity Council , this was the third incident of vandalism reported . “ The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong .
As per Bangladesh Hindu Unity Council , this was the third incident of vandalism reported . “ The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong .
As per Bangladesh Hindu Unity Council , this was the third incident of vandalism reported.The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali Chittagong . Police have arrested one .
He asserted that no Hindu would deliberately place a Quran in a Durga Pandal and that it was done purposely to flare communal tensions .
Like every year , Durga Puja ended in violence & vandalism for Bangladeshi Hindus . 3 Hindus have reportedly been killed in the riots & many others injured . Indian govt should take up the matter of ensuring security of Hindu minority in Bangladesh .
placed a copy of Quran at feet of a murti and Durga Pooja Pandal vandalized Hasina
The Durga murti of Sri Shamshaneshwar Shiva Vigraha Mandir was vandalized by Islamic extremists in the Firingibazar area in Chittagong , Bangladesh on Sunday . As per Bangladesh Hindu Unity Council , this was the third incident of vandalism reported .
The vandalism sparked an outrage & hundreds of Bangladeshi Hindu worshippers from Shivbari & the nearest puja mandaps gathered before Kotwali police station & protested for 2 hrs . This reveals how strong the law & punishment system is over there !
They interrogated a bunch of boys standing around the pandal suspecting the administration had received some inputs well before the social media post went viral . No action was taken by the police
These photos came from of . Yesterday evening Durga mandap of Barobakiya Pekua Shilpara village attacked by radicals . Hundreds of houses broken . Durga idol vandalized .
Tanim in his post said that he stays next to the Durga Pandal installed at Camilla . both the communities had been living peacefully since years in the area with even Muslims visiting the pandal during the festival .
Islamic extremists vandalized Pandals & Durga idols in Chandpur 's Hajiganj , Chattogram 's Banshkhali , Chapainawabganj 's Shibganj & Cox Bazar 's Pekua This anti Hindu violence in is alarming , at this rate thy will soon become another really ?
Bangladesh : Islamists damage Durga Puja pandals , attack Hindus over a rumour of ‘ insult to Quran ’
Once again proved that Hindus and Hindu Temples are not safe at all in Bangladesh ...
How Islamic culprits made fake post & attacked Bangladeshi Hindu minorities ? Their new agenda to evacuate Hindus from Bangladesh . No international community have any comments . Where is international Human right Commission ?
Quran was kept in a way that it was easily visible to any passerby , plausibly with an intention to incite communal disharmony , by the time priest arrived & requested Quran to be removed , a mob had gathered to stop puja and the pandal was vandalized .
Save hindu at Bangladesh .
The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong . Protests are going on in the streets of Kotwali in Chittagong .
leader writes to to take necessary and urgent steps to provide relief to the 'Sanatani People ' of Bangladesh in view of vandalism occuring at several Durga Puja pandals and various temples in Bangladesh .
Bangladesh : Multiple incidents of ‘ murti ’ vandalism ahead of Durga Puja
VHP has now raised the issue of attacks on and desecration of Durga idols in . Milind Parande urged Govt of India and international powers to pressurise Hasina govt to act tough on perpetrators . Meanwhile , on Twitter , has started to trend .
A local musl ! m boy informed that Quran was kept so it was easily visible to passersby , plausibly with an intent to incite communal disharmony When priest arrived & requested Quran be removed , a mob had gathered to stop puja & pandal was vandalized
Multiple incidents of ‘ murti ’ vandalism ahead of & while organising Puja , have been reported at Kushtia , Joypurhat , Firingibazar in chittagong & Raslampur village in Dhaka etc . Strict action is demanded against the miscreants .
The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong . Protests are going on in the streets of Kotwali in Chittagong .
Facebook here is a mere tool , rather an excuse of a tool to perpetuate another spout of violence against the Hindu community `` अंग्रेजी - Bangladeshi Hindus ''
Son of barbaric invaders vandalised the idols of Devi Durga . It seems some conspiracy only at time of Hindu festivals someone ( ? ) hurts feeling on social media and it use that excuse to vandalise Hindu Idols .
Durga Puja is a holy festival of Hindus . Nine forms of mother Durga are worshiped on Navratri . But , this lively festival passed in violence and vandalism for the Hindu minority community of Bangladesh
Several Durga Puja pandals & Durga Idols have been destroyed by Islamist fanatics in Bangladesh Incidents of Hindus being attacked & Hindu women molested Central Government must take concrete steps to protect Bangladeshi Hindus
Durga Puja celebrations being prevented in Bangladesh , ca n't the administration see ? Has the world gone blind ?
I do n't believe on Hindu muslim but I believe on humanity . God will punish the real criminal .
Just last month , Religious Fanatics had destroyed 4 Hindu temples & attacked a Bangladeshi Hindu religious procession , just because it happened to pass near a mosque Religious Fanatics in India too have been using identical tactics
The vandalism sparked an outrage after which hundreds of worshippers from Shivbari and the nearest puja mandaps gathered before Kotwali police station and protested for about two hours .
Have the guts to comment anything regarding vandalism of Durga Puja pandas in . Or the sole intention is just to spread hate and be a bigot ?
The organization in a Tweet said , “ Like every year , Bangladeshi extremists have started the festival of vandalizing the murti of maa Durga . It happens every year during Durgapuja .
While attacks on Hindus is nothing new in Bangladesh , after the current violence against Durga Puja pandals , many in Bangladesh government & other ‘ intellectuals ’ are busy blaming social media platform Facebook , not actual perpetrators who did violence
Check Bangladesh Incident 14/10/2021 Islamic elements vandalise god durga murtis and pandals
The Durga murties been vandalised in Bangladesh on the vocation of nine-day Navratri festival
Hindu temples in Bangladesh have been vandalised by some unidentified miscreants during the Durga Puja celebrations , The perpetrators are not allowing Hindus to live happily anywhere ... We need to do the protection of our religion ourselves .
The series of vandalism of Durga murtis in Bangladesh began much before the onset of the nine-day Navratri festival There are insecurity in Bangladeshi Hindus for their life
Hindu Temples Attacked In Bangladesh During Durga Puja , 3 Killed : Report
Like every year , Bangladeshi extremists have started the festival of vandalizing the murti of maa Durga . It happens every year during Durga Puja .
Bangladeshi Hindus labeled October 13 as a ‘ Black Day ’ after a stray Facebook post triggered widespread violence against the minority community in Bangladesh Several Durga pandals were vandalized & at least 3 Hindus were reportedly killed
The vandalism sparked an outrage after which hundreds of worshippers from Shivbari and the nearest puja mandaps gathered before Kotwali police station and protested for about two hours . A complaint was filed by the Puja mandap president Amit Hor .
Atrocities on Hindu minorities once again in Bangladesh . Extremists attacked a Hindu temple . On the occasion of immersion of d idol on Ashtami day , many worship pavilions were vandalized & Hindus were injured . बांग्लादेशी हिन्दू Bangladeshi Hindu
Several incidents of vandalism at Durga Puja pandals were reported in Bangladesh on Wednesday The violence was triggered after some posts on social media alleged besmirching of Quran at a puja venue Several Bangladeshi H ! ndus were also attacked !
Hindu temples in Bangladesh have been vandalized in Durga Puja ! same tures every year ! !
News reports are coming from Bangladesh that several Durga Puja pandals have been destroyed by Islamist fanatics A social media rumour that the Quran had been denigrated went viral following which the idols were targeted
BJP leader Suvendu Adhikari writes to PM Modi to take necessary and urgent steps to provide relief to the 'Sanatani People ' of Bangladesh in view of vandalism occuring at several Durga Puja pandals and various temples in Bangladesh .
Hindus were reportedly killed in the violent clash after a Facebook post claiming ‘ insult to Quran at a pandal went viral Islamic extremists vandalized temples in Chandpur ’ s Hajiganj , Chattogram ’ s Banshkhali & several areas & brutally attacked Hindu
The rise of the treacherous Taliban in Afghanistan has emboldened the terrorists & extremists in Pakistan , Kashmir and now in Bangladesh where militants torched a temple in Komilla . Cross-border violence is now rife and occurring with increased rapidity.Time to crush the fanatics .
Attacks On Durga Puja : Are Hindus Safe In Bangladesh ? Watch with at 6.27 PM only on CNN-News18
Just last month , Religious Fanatics had destroyed 4 Hindu temples & attacked a Bangladeshi Hindu religious procession , just because it happened to pass near a mosque Religious Fanatics in India too have been using identical tactics
A stray Facebook post triggered widespread violence against the minority community in Bangladesh . Several Durga pandals were vandalized , close to 150 families were attacked and at least three Hindus were reportedly killed in the violent clash .
Bangladesh : Mob vandalise Durga Puja pandals , govt warns of tough action
The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong . Protests are going on in the streets of Kotwali in Chittagong .
Hindu Tej Jago ! Religious fanatics oppose worshiping Goddess at Shri Durgadevi Temple in Dhaka Bangladesh Insecurity in Bangladeshi Hindus & their religious festivals in Bangladesh ! Read More :
Hindu temples are not in safe , there have been many attacks on temples.But a commen peolple can not use the law by himself . Gvt should protect temples . The central government must take drastic measures to protect the Bangladeshi Hindus .
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 3 killed
The series of vandalism of Durga murtis in `` Bangladesh `` began much before the onset of the nine-day Navratri . Bangladeshi Hindus
Bangladeshi militants begin to vandalize Mother Durga idol . It happens every year during Durga Puja . Why is the government so quiet ? Why not exercise power ? It is now necessary to prevent the infidelity of the Hindu deities and the Hindu deities .
Hindu temples in Bangladesh have been vandalised by some unidentified miscreants during the Durga Puja celebrations , The perpetrators are not allowing Hindus to live happily anywhere ... We need to do the protection of our religion ourselves .
The attack took place on the road while the Durga murti was being entered in the puja mandapa in Kotwali , Chittagong . Protests are going on in the streets of Kotwali in Chittagong .
াংলাদেশ On the maha ashtami of this Durga Puja , Durga idols are being vandalized and Hindu houses are being attacked all over Bangladesh .
UN troops must be sent to protect minorities in Bangladesh . If Modi fails to protect who else is there ? UN must intervene . Idols of Devi Durga vandalised by Muslim mob .
In Bangladesh , Durga Puja customs are more traditional , celebrations subdued via
Very distressing and disturbing visuals emanating from .Fanatics attacking Durga Puja pandals & breaking idols.Violence mostly in Comilla & Chittagong.Hindu needs protection of PM Sheikh Hasina ’ s Govt
Last 24 hours in 1 . Several Ma idols & were vandalized . 2. were also in the ensuing violence in Chandpur 's Hajiganj , Chattogram 's , 's and Cox Bazar 's Pekua . 3 . Three people killed & many injured .
Bangladeshi Hindus are once again facing persecution Religious fanatics have been attacking Durga Puja across Bangladesh . Will human rights organisations talk about the status of Hindu religious festivals in Bangladesh ?
You know the main problem behind Hindus being attacked is that you wo n't see Hindu academics in the west organizing a DGH like event . Not even 1971 BD & 1990 Kashmir genocide could shake the soul of elite Hindus to dismantle Islαmism like tried w/ Hindu ( tva/ism ) .
Bangladesh Durga Puja Attack : VHP angry on the attack in Bangladesh , said- ‘ Bangladesh government to protect Hindus and crack down on jihadis ’
Following ‘ conspiratorial rumors ' spread via social media , several Durga Puja pandals & idols vandalized in . At least 3 killed , communal tension gripped across . Govt deployed paramilitary forces in several areas .
Extremism is poison for any society . Whatever is happening in ( kumilla ) is very grim and abhorrence act against minority hindu community . People of must come forward together and upheld unitary values .
Attacks On Durga Puja : Are Hindus Safe In Bangladesh ? Watch with at 6.27 PM only on CNN-News18
Terrorists vandalize Durga Puja pandals in Bangladesh , 3 killed in Bangladesh Durga Puja clashes 3 officials say Jamaat-e-Islami is behind the incident
Hindu temples in Bangladesh have been vandalized in Durga Puja ! same tures every year ! !
Bangladeshi Hindus Bangladesh : Islamists damage Durga Puja pandals , attack Hindus over a rumour of ‘ insult to Quran ’
Hindus in have become a punching bag Dozens of Ma Durga statues destroyed in Islamic and now they have launched full blown attacks Islamists be in / or have no appetite for idols ofdeities That 's the essence of two nation theory .
The Minority oppression will never end in a country when the majority weaponise religion to get free pass to oppress or abuse those minority physically , mentally , verbally at every chance they get.this is happening every year in Bangladesh in Durga puja.but this year more .
Bangladeshi Hindus Bangladesh : Multiple incidents of ‘ murti ’ vandalism ahead of Durga Puja
Durga Puja Pandals Attacked In Bangladesh | Bangladesh Durga Puja Pandal ... via master stroke has guts to comment on communal attack
The dangers of unregulated social media ... like a whatsapp rumour in Bangladesh leading to a riot targetting the Hindu community celebrating durga puja there ...
Bangladesh Durga Puja Attack : VHP is angry on the attack in Bangladesh , said- ‘ Bangladesh government should protect the Hindus and crack down on jihadis ’ . Bangladesh Durga Puja Attack : VHP angry on the attack in Bangladesh , said ‘ Bangladesh government to…
In Bangladesh , some strangers have kept the Holy Quran of Muslims in the puja mandapa in Camilla district . So what did the man of the administration of that place do ? There have been fights and vandalism in that place .
Another person died last night from the clash that occurred between police and mob in Chandpur 's Hajiganj upazila , following reports of `` demeaning the Holy Quran '' in Cumilla .
Bangladesh : Islamists unleash violence against Durga Puja celebration of Hindus , several pandals damaged And in India , beating Hindus inside the temple . via OpIndia_com
At least 3 killed , Durga Puja pandals vandalised in Bangladesh Several incidents of attacks on Durga Puja pandals and idols have been reported from Bangladesh , as per local media reports India Today
The government deployed the BGB in 22 districts after multiple attacks on Hindu temples during celebrations
Last night several Durga idols and pandals were destroyed in Bangladesh following a rumour about Quaran . Where is so-called human rights or social activists ? Secondly what about hindus religious sentiment sold at a cheap rate ?
Three members of Hindu community killed in attacks on Durga Puja Pandals in Bangladesh
Bangladesh : Islamists unleash violence against Durga Puja celebration of Hindus , several pandals damaged via OpIndia_com
Jamaat-e-Islami behind the pandal violence in Bangladesh , say officials -India News Cart
Puja pandals , temples attacked in Bangladesh over ‘ besmirching ’ of Quran , govt promises action Tenzin Zompa reports for ThePrint
Bangladesh : Muslims engage in multiple attacks , desecration of Durga idols ahead of and during Hindu festivities - via
Hindu Symbols are breaking & burning in . More than 50+ idols & temples have been brutally demolished by Islamists . , Bangladeshi Hindus need your urgent step Hasina Govt . is no longer trustworthy in this case
Bangladesh : Durga idol broken , thrown in pond as Muslim mob vandalises puja pandals , three Hindus reported dead
Bangladesh 's mobs should know something that they r living in a HINDU land with begging bowl jst like their fellow brother pakistan .
Days of Hindus in Bangladesh are numbered after experiencing such a persecution during Durga puja , the biggest religious festival for Bangladeshi Hindus . This Durga puja 2021 will be remembered forever . Never forget , never forgive ! ! We have no more expectations from anyone ! !
In a major decision taken by MHA , BSF will now hv the power to arrest , search & of seizure to the extent of 50 km inside states sharing IB with Pakistan & Bangladesh . This step would empower and make our Borders secured .
Brutal Attacks on and Vandalism of Maa Durga Idols by the in Bangladesh is , I strongly condemn it . , as close to 150 households have been reportedly attacked and at least three killed in a violent clash on Yesterday .
Durga Puja in Bangladesh has taken place for decades Now expect the unexpected with India ’ s BJP fomenting trouble on behalf of Hindu minority in Bangladesh
Attacks on Durgapuja pandals & vandalism of Durga mata idols at many places in Bangladesh .. This is the reality of secularism .. This will become normal in India as well once they become majority or atleast 40 % + .. Their minority card works , your wo n't ...
Demography is Destiny ! ! Attacks across Bangladesh on Durga Puja Pandals . Have you heard anything in any mainstream media outlet of India ?
in Bangladesh Several Maa Durga idols & pandals were vandalized . Temples were also attacked in the ensuing violence in Chandpur 's Hajiganj , Chattogram 's Banshkhali , Chapainawabganj 's Shibganj and Cox Bazar 's Pekua .
Hindu Temples In Bangladesh During Durga Puja , 3 Killed over 60 injured after communal clashes in Bangladesh during Durga Puja celebrations : At least three people were killed and 60 injured including journalists , police , and common people , in the communal
Goons Attack Hindu Temples In During , 3 Killed ; Paramilitary Force Took Charge
Whose religion is his ! But what happened in Bangladesh ? ? People of Hindu religion ? ? Put our Holy Quran under the feet of the idol ? ? The incident happened in Comilla district in Bangladesh ? ? I call on all Muslim countries to protest and seek fair Justice ? ?
We want to strongly condemn the attack on temples in by some unidentified miscreants during , & the killing of three Hindus on Thursday & urge Govt to take all Measure to protect Hindus .
Hate to radical Muslims of Bangladesh , who are vandalising the Hindu worship place in Bangladesh where hindus are minority .
Attacks on Durga Puja pandals in Bangladesh : Facebook rumour and alleged 'insult to Quran ' triggers another onslaught against Hindus via OpIndia_com
At least 3 killed , Durga Puja pandals vandalised in Bangladesh - World News `` At least 3 killed , Durga Puja pandals vandalised in Bangladesh - World News ''
Durga Puja pandals attacked in Bangladesh . Watch the Digital Exclusive discussion with and Saleem Samad , Senior journalist Bangladesh on CNN News18 .
Stating this fact again , India is a way better secular country than any of these Muslim countries . The situation of minorities in India is far better than any other country . Shame real shame Bangladesh , we will never forget 13th October 2021 .
Bangladesh : Mob vandalise Durga Puja pandals , govt warns of tough action
Horrific visuals coming in from Bangladesh where Islamists make mobs and attack Durga Pujo Pandals across the country . India must take this up strongly with the friendly Bangladesh Govt .
None of d Muslim celebrity/Leader nor organisation/ shouter of in India condemned d tanasahi of Islamic attack on pandals & brutal killing of organisers in . No guarantee 4 minority of right to Life Culture Religion in B/D
: Goons Attacked Multiple Hindu Temples In Bangladesh During , Government Has Warned Tough Action
The government deployed the Border Guard Bangladesh ( BGB ) in 22 districts after multiple attacks on Hindu temples during Durga Puja celebrations , a media report said .
At least 3 killed , Durga Puja pandals vandalised in Bangladesh At least 3 killed , Durga Puja pandals vandalised in Bangladesh
Last 24 hours in Bangladesh : 1 . Many Maa Durga idols & pandals vandalized . 2 . Temples attacked & ensuing violence in Hajiganj , Banshkhali , Shibganj & Cox Bazar 's Pekua . 3 . Three people killed & many injured Just like Pakistan , now , Bangladesh is also becoming hell for Hindus .
At least 3 killed , Durga Puja pandals vandalised in Bangladesh
Will the janeudhari Hindu Kashmiri pandit Shiv bhakt and temple hopping Hindus during election time will speak up for the Hindu genocide taking place in Bangladesh ?
Durga pooja pandal was destroyed by Islamic extremists in Bangladesh . How can people be so ruthless . You never expect an Hindu to be doing this to a Muslim This just makes my heart heavy , Everything is being counted do n't take it too far or she shall respond .
150 Hindu families attacked over 'Quran insult ' rumours in Bangladesh , Durga Puja pandals destroyed via OpIndia_com
In islamic extremists vandalising Pooja pandals to stop Hindu devotees . Here also in national capital of India is doing same in
Dear mam Please save hindu , in Bangladesh ..
Durga Puja pandals vandalized in Bangladesh , 3 killed
Breaking news : Islamic extremists try to destroy hindu pandal and temple in somewhere in Bangladesh
In Bangladesh murtis are being broken , & temples usurped , while libbies in WB are putting Durga Ma in Burj Khalifa pandal & claiming Durga puja is not a Hindu festival but belongs to all religions . One Wonders then why izlamists in Bangladesh are vandalising murtis !
Massive attacks on Durga Puja Pandals in Bangladesh , Muslim Mobs attacking & destroying temples and Pandals , visuals are from Chandpur
Protest in 's Baitul Mokarram against the insult of holy in a pandal and firing of police on the people protesting this across the country .
Horrific visuals coming from Bangladesh where Mobs attack Durga Puja Pandals across the country . There ’ s been a massive spike in violence on Hindus community in Bangladesh over the last few years . India must take this up with the friendly Bangladesh Govt .
4 youths were killed in Hajiganj of Chandpur , 73 others are arrested in Cumilla & other districts as Bangladesh tried to protect Durga Puja pandals from the attacks by `` mobs '' since Wednesday following the reports of disrespecting the Holy Quran in Cumilla .
All Muslim countries are hinduphobic . Breaks my heart after reading what happened in Bangladesh . No outrage on a global level because here the subject is Hinduphobia by Muslims , the majority . Shameful act by Muslims in Bangladesh , we won ’ t ever forget Durga Puja 2021 .
Durga puja pandals in Bangladesh have been vandalized & the Koran was placed at the foot of the puja pandal.This is the pathetic situation for the Hindus prevailing in Islamic state of Bangladesh.Why the opposition is silent on such barbaric attacks in our religious practices ?
According to diplomats , there were attacks on mandaps , pandals and temples in Bangladesh 's Cumilla on October 13 after the alleged desecration of the religious text of Muslims by placing it near the feet of the idol of Devi Durga . ( reports Shishir Gupta )
Radical zombies are attacking hindus & Maa Durga pandals in Bangladesh . They r doing this every year . In India so called intellectual trying to defame nationalist freedom fighter . In every corner of the world zombies are same . There is no educated or illiterate , Rich / poor diff .
Bangladesh : Mobs attack Durga Puja pandals after fabricated Quran post Source : `` News and Entertainment '' via Dailyhunt Download Now
Is it the beginning to end Durga Puja in Bangladesh ? What 's the Govt . is doing ?
Durga Puja pandals vandalized in Bangladesh , three killed
Goons attack Hindu temples in during 3 killed paramilitary force called in
We can not publish in a tweet what has happened in the last 24 hours . The Hindus of Bangladesh saw the real faces of some people . We do n't know what will happen in the future But the Hindus of Bangladesh will never forget Durga Puja in 2021
Jamaat-e-Islami behind the pandal violence in Bangladesh , say officials
At least 3 killed , Durga Puja pandals vandalised in Bangladesh October 14 , 2021 at 02:02PM
Vandalised many temple , Durga pratima and house of hindus in Bangladesh by terrorists . Hindus are now insecure . Such as Cumilla , Chittagong , cox 's bazar , nowkhali , Chapainawabganj , Gazipur , laxmipur , Kurigram . The situation is terrifying .
Vandalism of Durga Mata idol by Bangladesh extremists is direct attack on hindus . Our central govt . should intervene in this matter .
Massive attack on DurgaPujo Pandals & Hindu Temples all over Bangladesh by Muslims.Mobs vandalised temples & idols This happened in Oi paar Bangal & will going 2 happen in Aiy paar Bangal also in near future . No secular media will shw this or secular individual will protest agnst it
Please save hindu
When shoes r used in Durga pandals , it 's freedm of artists.But whn obnoxious elements vandalize Durga idol in Bangladesh our pseudo liberals have turned their faces away . Hypocrisy at its highest level . & al the media houses at least show some guts .
UPDATE NEWS : 200+ temple vandalism in Bangladesh 500+ traditionally injured electronics & print all media silent
At least 3 killed , Durga Puja pandals vandalised in Bangladesh Several incidents of attacks on Durga Puja pandals and idols have been reported from Bangladesh , as ... To read the full story visit…
The persecution continues in Noakhali : 150 Hindu families attacked over ‘ Quran insult ’ rumours as Bangladesh sees a bloodied Durga Puja via the day this becomes a regular feature in WB'desh here is n't far off . Thanks to Hindus themselves in wb
Police atrocities on Hindu Bhakts in ancient Devi Temple of Kalka Mata in New Delhi .. Delhi police is under 303 central govt How is it different from what is happenening to Hindus in Bangladesh ?
We are shocked to see mobs vandalizing Durga pooja pandals in Bangladesh . Even in our country people such as & Maharashtra govt are not in favor of Hindus celebrating festivals
Horrific visuals coming in from Bangladesh where Islamists make mobs and attack Durga Pujo Pandals across the country . There ’ s been a massive spike in anti-Hindu violence in Bangladesh over the last few years . India must take this up strongly with the friendly Bangladesh Govt .
Durga Puja 2021 : Violence breaks out in Bangladesh . 3 killed . Paramilitary forces deployed .
The persecution continues in Noakhali : 150 Hindu families attacked over ‘ Quran insult ’ rumours as Bangladesh sees a bloodied Durga Puja via
The persecution continues in Noakhali : 150 Hindu families attacked over ‘ Quran insult ’ rumours as Bangladesh sees a bloodied Durga Puja via
Bangladesh : Three people were killed as Mob vandalise Durga Puja pandals
Communism destroyed Wahabism in Cheen ! Wahabism destroyed Communism in Bangladesh ! Both these ideologies are after Hindu culture in India by calling it regressive ! Sir had said that 1970s WB Communists had to flee from East Pakistan in 1947 . Time to be vigilant !
More images coming from Chittagong , Pekuya in Bangladesh . Massive attacks on Durga Puja Pandals in Bangladesh .
The attacks on Hindus and vandalism of Durga Maa idols by the extremists in Bangladesh is unfortunate and disturbing , I strongly condemn it . Also , I request Bangladesh govt to take necessary steps to protect minority Hindus living there & punish the culprits .
The persecution continues in Noakhali : 150 Hindu families attacked over ‘ Quran insult ’ rumours as Bangladesh sees a bloodied Durga Puja
Reported Massive Anti-Hindu Violence in Bangladesh `` Allow pray for any God any where ..... '' In different name , May the Goddesses bless with good health and prosperity . Also the celebration to fill our heads with positive thoughts . Cy : News Reporter- IT .
Namaz Schedule hung outside the Durga Puja organised by Uttara Sarbojanin Puja Committee in Dhaka , Bangladesh . I am requesting the Hon'ble Prime Minister of India Shri Ji to take up the issue of 'Sanatanis ' with his counterpart in Bangladesh .
READ : Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 3 killed This is acceptable to all media and secular parties as they keep Mum ! !
Vandalising of Durga Puja pandals in Bangladesh condemned !
An avg liberal will have orgasms seeing CAA themed pandal in Kolkata , but will stay shut seeing the condition of Hindus in neighbouring Bangladesh during the same Durga Puja
Just as extremists attacking puja modals in Bangladesh are a reality , so is this - A Madrasa provides food and water for security personnel and volunteers who guard the Puja Mondal for Durga puja . Madrasa authorities say they feel are happy to be able to provide this service .
Hindu life matter
BD Govt must be forced to make a statement . Bangladesh : Islamic extremists vandalize multiple Durga Puja pandals , three Hindus reported dead Source : `` OpIndia '' via Dailyhunt Download Now
More images coming from Chittagong , Pekuya in Bangladesh . Massive attacks on Durga Puja Pandals in Bangladesh .
Bangladesh pandal demolished , 5 hindus being killed and Maa idols are desecrated ... ! But is real ! ! & are sleeping ! !
Your Excellency Prime Minister Hasina , We strongly condemn the blasphemous act of desecration of Durga idol at Cumilla You must take exemplary action against the hoodlums & safeguard the religious & human rights of Hindu Minority in the People 's Republic of Bangladesh
While we are celebrating Mahanavami here in India , our Hindu brothers and sisters in Bangladesh are being subjected to the worst kind of religious intolerance . Pooja Mandaps and Pandals have been vanadalized by Muslim fanatics at several places in Bangladesh .
The was desecrated at Hindu festival by placing the Holy Book at the feet of a Hindu idol in Comilla , . Bangladeshi Police open fire at protesters .
The was desecrated at Hindu festival by placing the Holy Book on the lap of a Hindu idol in Comilla , . Bangladeshi Police opened fire at Muslim protesters . Reports 9 Muslim protesters have been killed .
Hate for Hindu 's and india in Bangladesh is at another level .
Bengali Language was originated by Sanskrit.Bengali Language is of Hindus , Mughals came in India for invading every state they learnt regional language to settle here same in Bengal.What was the need of Bangladesh ? Why Hindu Bengalis had to Face Partition for getting Murdered ?
Multiple incidents of Idol vandalism reported from Bangladesh ahead of Durga Puja
India helps Bangladesh in various ways . I am requesting that to talk to the Prime Minister of Bangladesh about all the necessary steps to stop the attack on the Hindu minority . I also live in Dhaka , BD.We hope you will give our Hindus a chance to live independently .
The central Hari temple in Lama Upazila in Bandarban district of Bangladesh is being attacked by extremists.Many sanatanis are trapped inside.The police ca n't handle it.The trapped people are pleading for survival .
Durga Puja ends early in Bangladesh
Vandalising temples and Durga Puja pandals in Cumilla district , Cox ’ s Bazar & Noakhali in Bangladesh ; following `` conspiratorial rumours '' spread through social media is disheartening . Desecrating idols of Maa Durga at will is an orchestrated attack on Sanatani Bengali community .
There attacks on Hindus in South Africa . We are wiped out of Afghanistan . No place for Hindus in Pakistan and Bangladesh . Every Hindu festival and temple is under attack .
Incidents of vandalism have also been reported from Hindu temples in Chandpur ’ s Hajiganj , Chattogram ’ s Banshkhali and Cox ’ s Bazar 's Pekua .
In Bangladesh Hindus have disrespected our ( Muslim ) Holy Quran by putting It in the legs of their idol Is this a fair .. in a Muslim country We Muslim give all the rights to Hindus in our country But now they are disrespecting us ….May Allah save us from those
This time indicates future . What happened Hindu in Bangladesh ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Hindus are commemorating the Durga Puja festival this week across India and Bangladesh , a celebration for the goddess Durga . The five-day festival commemorates the slaying of a demon king by Durga , restoring good over evil .
Hindu temples in Bangladesh reportedly vandalised by some unidentified miscreants during celebrations ; paramilitary force deployed after 3 people were killed & others injured in the riots .
If the demolition of Durga idol in Bangladesh is true as tweets of many , is a serious issue of concern for India & Hindus by & large . Both PM should take proactive roles to condemn such incidents and take actions to protect the Hindus at BD . Hope , BD-PM has initiated actions .
Bangladesh : Islamic extremists vandalise multiple Durga Puja pandals , three Hindus reported dead
Deeply pained at the recent targeted Violence against Hindu Community celebrating Durgapuja in Bangladesh . A nation for whose Freedom 1000s of Hindus gave their life . The another Exodus and genocide of Hindus from is just a matter of time . RT
The academic discussions on `` dismantling of global Hindutwa '' and the vandalism and dismantling of Durga idols in Bangladesh are guided by the same principle ( and may be funded by the same source ) . Eruptions of genuine hate in different forms .
At least 3 killed , Durga Puja pandals vandalised in Bangladesh Really unfortunate to be born Hindu in Pak , BD , Afg .
Saw a scene of vandalised Durga Mandap in Bangladesh .The incident does concern me but not accepting CAA .
Massive attacks on Durga Puja Pandals and Temples all over , Mu $ lim Mobs attacking and destroying temples and Pandals .
History of Bangladesh 's birth needs to be revisited . Pakistani Army 's genocide of Hindus has not received proper coverage by historians . Lakhs of Hindu women were raped . Their homes looted and destroyed . Forced conversions also happened . The complete truth has not come out .
Home Minister Asaduzzaman Khan today said the members of law enforcement agencies have already identified several of those involved in the incident at a Cumilla temple .
Saw a scene of vandalised Durga Mandap in Bangladesh .It does concern me but not accepting CAA . It 's their Nation not our duty and problem .
Bangladesh : Extremist Vandalize Multiple Durga Puja Temple And Pandals , Three Hindu Dead
always eye an opportunity to hatch conspiracy against & Bangladesh to disturb friendly relations . Now Pak sponsored grps attacked & their Temple & Pandal in B'desh to distrub communal Harmony
Attack on Hindus in Bangladesh : Temple and pandals targeted during Durga Puja , three killed in firing
At least 3 killed , Durga Puja pandals vandalised in Bangladesh - Watch Now :
Hundreds of radical Muslims mob attacked at Goddess pandals and vandalised 9 mandapas and idols in Comilla , Bangladesh .
Massive attacks on Durga Pujo Pandals and Hindu Temples all over Bangladesh , Muslim Mobs attacking and destroying temples and Pandals . These visuals are from Chandpur
Thanks to for decimating , devaluing , depriving natural rights of Hindu & creating pakistan & bangladesh like situation in Hindusthan for Hindus
Goons attack Hindu temples in Bangladesh during Durga Puja , 3 killed ; paramilitary force called in Read :
We are not able to stop attacks on Hindus and Hindu temples in india How can we stop atrocities on Hindus and Hindu temples in Pakistan and Bangladesh ...
Persecution of Hindus in Bangladesh has started again with the Durga Pujas . Generally the Modus Operandi of the tormentors is to spread a rumour that their Prophet has been insulted or the Koran has been disrespected . This spreads in no time thru the internet ; then begin
For Nepali media and self regarded stalwarts of liberalism , equality and right to information , violence and atrocities done on Hindu minorities in Bangladesh and Pakistan never seem to matter .
Bangladesh : 3 Killed , 60 Injured in Communal Violence During Durga Puja Celebrations
I mean idk we hindu never do this We never disrespected other religion Bangladesh wow Just hoping we are never going to see this in kolkata
Shri ji , Do n't help Bangladesh any more because they are committing Hindu genocide with the opportunity of India 's friendship and financial help . Sir please help the hopeless Hindus ' in Bangladesh . Sri ji , Sri ji ,
Durga Pooja pandals vandalized,3 hindus killed when a Facebook post showing hindus insulting the Qur'an went viral on Wednesday night in Bangladesh ..... NAZIR
With a train carrying heaps of luggage in the background , this puja is of Partition refugees . Naktala Uadayan Sangha . The theme music created a nostalgia for Bangladesh
I am upset . We have 303 MPs in the parliament . But , neither they can save the Hindus of WB by imposing President Rule , nor they can handle the horrific persecution of Hindus during Durga Puja in Bangladesh diplomatically .
According to a local media reports , violence erupted after certain social media posts accused desecration of the Quran at a puja venue in Comilla .
Mu * * sli * * ms attack on Hindu temples in Bangladesh . Please save us . More than 500+ Durga Pandal vandalised in Bangladesh today .
More than 200+ temples were vandalized in Bangladesh , hindu households & shops were plundered . Many were injured & killed sir ....

@summary
During the Durga Puja festival in Bangladesh , Muslim extremists attacked and vandalized Hindu temples and communities .

@summary
This was sparked by a video showing a Quran being placed on a Hindu idol .

@summary
Bangladesh 's Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina condemned the attacks .