Bengaluru Violence : With the Facebook post , riots in Bangalore , two killed , 60 policemen injured , CM Yeddyurappa serious , Home Minister orders probe into the incident
Condemn the the preparators of the should face the law . People need to understand when they resort to violence , they give chance to fascist forces to do politics of religious instigation to purposely malign one whole community for few miscreants
As it was expected so called liberals and secularists have started propagating the video of human chain formed by muslims to protect the temple from muslims . They 're not condemning the violence even a bit , they 're just propagating the fake PR stunt of Muslim mob .
They ca n't handle the little insult and they abuse other religions openely yet they will do violence if someone says about islam and they want tolerance from others . W0W . Thanks for showing the real face . .
There was huge destruction of property in violence in Bangalore by non-Hindus . Can you name the community who is responsible & also would you like to atleast make any tweet over it , my secular friend ? ? ? ? ?
Our beloved Prophet ( PBUH ) was sent as mercy for whole humanity . How can you justify violence in his name ? Prophet Muhammad ( PBUH ) faced insults many times during his life time . He responded with love . Follow his example ! Cc
No excuses for violence and arson ! No , hurt sentiments are not an excuse ! ! Highly condemnable , the violence by Muslim hooligans in Just proves religious fanaticism is a scourge in all communities . Guilty must be brought to book as per law . Shameful !
What happened in over a Facebook post is highly condemnable . Rioting is not a option for anything . Spreading hate and doing violence on the sake of your religion is not justifiable .
They ’ re violently peaceful . They get peace by getting everyone submitting to their demands with violence . Violence IS a method for them to attain peace . Without violence there lives won ’ t be peaceful . Hence proved .
All the violence caused in KG Halli last night over a measly social media post . The same hypocrites who say Hindu 's are intolerant , where are you people now ? Everyone involved should be held responsible for the vandalism .
It was nothing just change of soil from Shaheen Bagh to Bangalore . Everything remains the same . The mind set , the people the RIOTS .
Dear Tweeps , Did you see any of your Muslim friends had tweeted their condemnation on this If they have done , they are true Indians and you can feel safe with them . If they have not tweeted against PFI-SDPI or condemn this violence , then STAY AWAY from them .
@body
Riot after riot . Endless cycle of violence . Till the state doesn ’ t decide to decisively end the Islamist mob street veto , this cycle will just never end .
The violence in Bangalore is condemnable . They should be punished . And also that fb post is condemnable !
No excuses for the riots ! the violence by fanatics in Just proves religious fanaticism is across all communities . Politics should book all the leaders who mobilised such a large gathering
This was not a sudden outburst . A well-planned act of violence . 2000 people had already surrounded the MLAs house & Police Station . Preparations were made through the day ! The Idea of religious tolerance gets tossed away by people so conveniently !
“ We the People of India ” Platform statement regarding Violence in Bangalore via Lankesh News
This is not the INDIA that I know . Intolerant & unsecular community creating communal riots and violence . They are terrorising the Hindu community , burning their homes and killing their men women and children . Cursing and making fun of the Hindu religion .
Those who resort to violence in the name of God , understand neither God nor the religion they follow . They are the real infidels . Neither can God get hurt nor does God need anyone 's protection .
Mob violence can never be justified , no matter what .
Precautionary measures have been taken in which is known for communal violence in the past , following the . Vehicle movement is very less
Trend of community violence and brand of religious domination murders the hope of equal respect . An eye for an eye blinds the whole world is true , but a question of 'WHY ' to the declaration of a 'WAR CRY ' must not blind the whole world . Push the false pride to die
This is NOT my India . Wht happened in is condemnable . If on the one hand , there wr ppl who incited violence , there wr those who formed a human chain to guard a Temple frm mob . Resorting to violence can never be justified no matter wht d provocation is !
: Mob violence can never be acceptable , no matter the provocation . Everyone who participated in the must face the law . It is equally important that this incident is not communalised . For a certain party , every tragedy is an opportunity !
Tales of secularism since independence : -noakhali riots -Godhra riots -Kashmiri pandits genocide -delhi riots -Shaheen bagh And now - in
This is clearly a pre planned violence and riots .
So I did support muslim community in delhi riots , but it is very evident that people who follow islam are taking law in their hand by succj violence , I think sensible muslims should condemn this . Hindu gods are also being targeted same as muslims 1/2
1.Durga maa was called a prostitute . 2.Millions of dirty jokes were craked on Hindu Gods . They said Hindus are intolerant . Now only one derogatory facebook post against Prophet Muhammad and a big violence takes place .
No one has right to take law in your hands and violence in any form is unacceptable .
Next time someone talks about hindu terrorism , muslim pogram by hindus , intolerant majority ... send them the videos of Bangalore violence . you better study this well before spewing venom and spreading Hinduphobia .
Everyday Communists/ Jihadists use choicest of abuses against Hindus and Hindu Gods and I feel proud as a hindu that there is no riots , violence in retaliation to that . Why ca n't muslims be tolerant like us ? Why do always have to act like religious criminals ?
Some dumb asshole posted something idiotic , and then 1000 other idiots started protesting , of them some assholes started violence , then riots , then selfish politicians started siding on either side , then even more idiots started blaming each other online .
| Violence in over a 'derogatory ' social media post kills atleast 2
Violence is in no way an answer to provocation . They provoked us with CAA , NRC , 370 , TT , Ram Mandir , Tablighi but we remained peaceful amidst all . Violance in Bangalore in name of Prophet is condemnable & makes you an enemy of your own community .
Totally ! Law should take its own course . Violence is not the solution . Its time we understand that . The post is condemnable and the violence too !
Your tolerance is extremely poor especially if a social media post drives you to take up arms . Leave a comment or just simply troll the person if you really must 'react ' . But resorting to violence over an opinion is the worst form of judgment anyone can have .
Can we normalise shoot-at-sight orders within 30 mins of any reports of riots or violence , please ? Irrespective of the community . Law abiding citizens should not have to end up suffering the collateral damage . Rapid Action Force . Shoot-at-sight orders . 30 mins .
Prophet ( PBUH ) is not only insulted and ridiculed today , he dealt it lifetime too . But In return he always asked for those that passed insulting comments to be pardoned , he never called for violence . Silence is never a weakness ! What ’ s happening now is shameful
New script : Step 1 : Upper caste - instigate violence by making proactive statements & narratives Step 2 : OBCs & other lower caste men engage in street fights Step 3 : OBC & lower castes in jails Step 3 : Upper castes enjoy power by getting elected to offices .
Sick people . They justify violence in the name of perceived 'insult ' and shift the blame on victim of violence .
Bangalore Violence . Serial Riots & Violence by Chinese Islamists will happen again and again . Started with Anti CAA , Delhi Violence-and will intensify further- unless nipped with a very strong hand .
Gandhi was intimidated by various ways by British n der stooges to take violence but he never played into British hands . He kept on his peace and u have seen the fruits of Independence
Muzamil Pasha , Leader Of Islamist Outfit SDPI , Arrested For His Alleged Role In Engineering Mob Violence
Name one good thing that humanity got from organised religion . Even if you do I can tell you how that has further made life hell for a section of people . Absolutely nothing justifies violence .
Where are the Secular Leaders now ? Every one are Mum .. Do their eyes got Blind are what ? Oyee Owaisi , Swara , Umar , Kahaniya , Chamchas , Liberals ? When RSS does nothing got name as Terrorists . Now SDPI created Violence what will U name now ?
Bangalore Riots : Jihadi template from Delhi Riots and Shaheen Bag—Women and children will be used as human shields
There wo n't be any outrage from left liberals and film fraternity about Bangalore mob violence beacuse attackers were from the minority community , they chanted `` Allahu Akbar '' peacefully not Jai Shri Ram . Secularism sucks .
Whatever the reason or whatever the provocation , violence in any form ca n't be justified . Nobody have the right to use defamatory statement against any religion . Respectful debate is always welcome . Debate is progressive and civil AND Violence is destructive
Bangalore police was swift to crush violence ... very good . All violence should be dealt this way . Wish we had those cops during Delhi riots where police was actively involved with mob .
Bangalore Riots : Jihadi template from Delhi Riots & Shaheen Bagh Women & children will be used as human shields !
a facebook post , no matter how offensive , not an excuse for resorting to violence . period .
Violence is not solution for trouble what ever it may be . But religious provocation should be Condemned equally . A Congress MLA says his facebook profile hacked , turned out to be hs nephew . It seems planned conspiracy to provoke Muslims against Congress .
Prophet Muhammad ( PBUH ) was sent as a `` Mercy for Mankind '' Insulting Him is Wrong , but he himself never punished anyone for it Violence & destruction in his name are actually dishonoring him & what he taught ! !
police station VIDEO after the chaotic situation . “ In spite of temporary victories , violence never brings permanent peace . ”
How did the force allow these people gather in such high numbers despite covid ? Shaheen bagh 2.0 will not be allowed
This is how their True Face looks like ! After Delhi , now is also facing the pre-planned violence and that too on the eve of .
How trivial cud the basis for a riot be . A social media post ? Are you kidding me ? Violence is choosing insanity & bloodshed over peace & stability . Be wise & think before you make a choice .
Two dead in Bangalore violence over anti-Islam Facebook post # #
Universal Civil Code is must right now in India . Violence and destruction in the name of Religion is unacceptable . It ’ s shocking to see that how a single FB post can vandalise a city . I highly doubt that solely a single post can trigger this much of violence .
Violence in Bangalore is reprehensible
Violence Rips Across Over Derogatory Social Media Post On ; 2 Dead , 60 Cops Injured
Bangalore Riots : Shaheen Bagh is seen in Bengaluru . Anti CAA protests saw muslim women radicalised and acting as human shields for Jihadi mobs .
Not in my name . Never resort to unlawful means ! Never be violent ! Those who participated in violence only brought bad name to the community . Prophet is mercy for both the worlds . His followers can not be arsonists .
Monkey-balancing 101 : * Won ’ t mention post on Krishna that led to reply on Mohammed . * Compares a provocative SM reply to wanton mob violence and rioting to justify it . * Tharoor even lauds mob for sparing a mandir while setting fire to homes , police station
Now will Godi media show this How Muslims protected the temple from the angry Mob . They can only show one side narrative to increase hatred against Muslims and create More violence !
and do violence , target
Karnataka Government must act strictly against Religious Mob that were on the street causing violence and chaos . No one can defame God , and if we feel a Social Media post will cause damage you need to learn about the religion and God again . ( 1/n )
Karnataka : Violence broke out in Bengaluru last night over an alleged inciting social media post . 2 died , 110 arrested , around 60 Police personnel injured . As per Bengaluru Police Commissioner , accused Naveen arrested `` for sharing derogatory post '' .
Ideally , no one should abuse others ' faith or Gods . But even unpleasant , condemnable opinions should not warrant violence . There can be no tolerance of people rioting on the streets , nor hypocritical , one-sided appeasement . Those guilty of the must be booked .
Violence must not be tolerated at any cost . All the culprits must be punished .
Shoot at site . Zero tolerance on violence . Enough is enough .
So Allah ( SWT ) gets offended by Facebook post and not by the violence ?
I have no idea what was behind the Riot last night in Bangalore . But , Both the mob violence in Bangalore and the offensive/objectionable social media post are highly condemnable . Islam is not created on the base of violence but on peace .
They don ’ t care about Bharat not it ’ s culture , people and secularism and minority rights act as a shield for them ! They do godhra , noakhali , Chandbagh , Shaheen bagh and now Bengaluru still Hindus remain intolerant ! This is called Radical Islamic ___
Bangalore Riots : Jihadi template from Delhi Riots and Shaheen Bag—Women and children will be used as human shields81
Funny how the word is synonymous with words like riots , violence , arson , rape threats ..
The death toll in rise to 3 with 40-yr-old person succumbing to injuries at Bowring hospital , . Visuals from the violence area this morning .
Section 144 has been imposed in Bengaluru , curfew has been imposed in DJ Halli and KG Halli police station limits after violence broke out in the area . Religions are doing more harm than good to society . Do you agree ?
HORROR ! Naked dance of INTOLERANCE in Bengaluru all because of one FB Post Matter of time before every city of bharat will witness this violence Threat is for Real ..
At least two people were killed during the violence that erupted in parts of East Bengaluru after Muslim mobs took to the streets and attempted to set on fire the residence of Congress MLA Akhand Srinivasa Murthy over an Facebook post that they deemed
The propaganda the so called `` peaceful community '' is spreading of guarding a temple is far away from the riots . It 's a distraction created by them to justify their violence in Bangalore . Why all the liberals sleeping today ?
Violence is never the answer . Your faith , your religion and your God is not shattered merely by a Facebook post or if anyone paints something or says something .
Sab inke baap ka maal tha ! How the wealth of this country is destroyed by followers of desert cult who always believed in looting caravans and surviving on loot and booty ..... what is compulsion to tolerate all this violence ? ? Have we disbanded Police already ? ?
Ruling party leaders engage in constant demonization of Muslims . Just yesterday an unverified audio tape was enough for to cast doubts on the patriotism of Indian Muslims . Muslim bashing is rewarded and recognized . Still there is no place for violence
He is clearly saying we do n't have anything against the police please stop this violence . But a mob is a mob is a mob it wo n't listen ! PS : the recording the video is a muslim too ! let 's not make this a hindu muslim issue please !
are really disturbing . There should be ABSOLUTE freedom of expression ! No matter what is spoken , violence is never warranted . I hope the progressive lot bring some reform in their respective religions .
Violence is never the answer . Those who say they are defending the name of God , you are part of the problem .
Every violence is condemnable and punishable especially in the name of Religion .
Joke on Prophet is shameful But violence is n't acceptable
Violence of any kind is not justified . Provocative banners and social media posts coming up in Hyderabad and then in Bangalore back to back in 2 days with an intent to cause chaos and incite people should also be probed
is just a reality on tolerance and secularism ! ! ! ! ! And our brave comedians will come with few more jokes on Hindu gods in retaliation to violence by single source ! ! ! All hail secularism ! !
Such a peaceful community . In previous Yugas , there were rakshasas for this kind of violence Now there are Peacefuls in Kalyug .
Whenever they want they burn police station and instigate riots .. because justification of their violence and terrorism by vote bank fishing party come like this ..
Existence of Islam in the world is all about Violence , Jihad , Bloodshed , Terrorism and then Hypocrisy .
The insanity of religious fanatics will take down this whole country . It 's high time one should refuse the imposition to respect religious sentiments . Religious sentiments are a load of crap that these people use to incite violence and hatred .
A mobs destruction shakes the very foundation of the country ; The violence is a tenet of digression ; The arson burns existing peace , harmony and brotherhood Only to realize that all this harm only takes one further away from any cause .
Naveen , a relative of the Karnataka state who mocked and misrepresented Islam on social media , is highly condemnable .. At the same time dealing with violence is not the solution to any problem .
This also happend in Muslim 's youth created human chain to guard a Temple in during violence .
This lady is justifying . Let 's not forget she was one of those dancing under Shaheen Bagh tent . Unfortunately iss Desh ka kha rahe hain .
Hundreds of derogatory stuff said against Hindu Gods by comedians , sickulars etc : * NOTHING HAPPENS * Just one comment on profit : * THERE IS VIOLENCE ON STREETS * But still according to them , Hindus are intolerant .
An ardent appeal to our fellow brothers and citizens from all communities to refrain and restrain from any form of violence . Avoid listening to rumour mongers , instigators and trouble makers . Let us all stand together to maintain peace and harmony . God Bless ...
We are living in a country where one minority community start violence due to a little Facebook post but Majority people did n't react when someone make jokes of their religion and idols .
Violence can never be the solution to a derogatory post . Also , selective outrage
3 killed , Section 144 imposed : How violence unfolded in East Bengaluru - A look at what exactly happened on Tuesday night that triggered riots in East Bengaluru .
how many people remember asaram 's areest 's , padmavath 's and ram-leela 's violence
Muzamil Pasha of the SDPI arrested in connection with the . Some others connected with riots now absconding . CCTv images part of probe on question whether money changed hands & was violence planned . Read up on alleged role of SDPI in anti protests too .
Violence can never be justified . That too for a man whose whole life is based upon tolerance . Sick mob mentality . Do n't become what you stand against .
There is only one way stop any type of riots . Whosoever is involved in violence should be shoot down in public on national media and next time , no one will dare to k up a stone or to burn something . These people exists bcs there is lack of consequences .
News headlines `` Muslims protected temple amid violence in Bengaluru '' .from whom ? Jains or Hindus ? Call a Muslim mob muslim . Another thing , why thy need to protect a temple in first place ? were the mob going to burn a temple down jst bcs thy wre offended by a FB post ?
BJP government takes us back to the middle ages . Or still earlier , even ? ? ? ? Bangalore Riots Today Latest News : Bengaluru violence over facebook post - At least three dead , over 50 cops injured
KG Halli in Bengaluru , which saw violent riots last night by the goons , was also the site of against the CAA and NRC . Like Delhi ’ s Shaheen Bagh , the entire area was blocked off . Actor Naseeruddin Shah had given a speech there .
You had guts to mock Hindus over trivial incidents of violence but fail to name and shame Muslim rioters who burnt the house of MLA , who was a Hindu ( Dalit ) over a facebook post .
Bangalore violence/riot is to divert public attention from Maharastra failure .. They might take help from pakistan/china/dubai/hawala ... Had SSR been muslim scenario wud hv been different.Agadi will not dare.politicians feed on taxpayers money & talk most irresponsible
Islam : The religion of Peace not Violence
People get offended by the Facebook post . God gets offended by people 's violence ... Congratulations saviours of religion ..
This man took 11 hrs to realize that violence should also be condemned and just a FB post .
`` Terrorism : the use of violence and threats to intimidate or coerce . '' Irrespective of which community , govt . needs to crack down hard on all religious sentimental terrorists ( not called rioters ) using anti-terrorism laws .
How can we develop when our Gods get offended by posts on Social media & not by violence ! gets another opportunity to demean a religion , Every single person will be ked up & charges framed like in Delhi . BJP 's bigotry will have the last laugh .
Violence is never a solution .
O Rioter ! `` P Naveen '' Who posted an extremely inflammatory highly abusive post on Fb ( which incited violence ) has been arrested . Arrests are ongoing .
When a small violence is done by a hindu community once in a decade everyone starts promoting Hindu Terrorism . The events like is every day thing and no one bothers .
When he said `` Religion intolerance will take us into dark ages '' , he just stated the future .. Now every fuckin day we can see numerous violence like this .. But But my man had to face this for telling the truth 5 yrs ago .
Some people always find excuses to spread violence and disruption ... It 's sad that even in this times of pandemic people ca n't change their mindset ...
So Prophet gets offended by Facebook post and not by the violence ?
State must deal with spine with such groups who openly call public for violence .
Disturbing video from banglore last night , Mob violence can not be acceptable . We appeal to all the people to maintain peace and harmony .
Section 144 imposed in Bengaluru Violence broke out in Bengaluru last night over an alleged inciting social media post . 2 died , 110 arrested , around 60 Police personnel injured ( via ANI )
Jai Meem , Jai Bhim is a JOKE , clarified today by mob violence in bengaluru .
Congress leaders have already condemned and demanded to take action against those instigated violence and the one 's who took the law into their hand in If still you blame Congress then go and ____ yourself . Abe BSDK
Religious extremism has never done any good to mankind . The unnecessary violence that broke out in Bengaluru over a social media post could have been easily avoided . Muslims should not become what they have been protesting .
KG Halli in Bengaluru saw violent riots last night by the goons , was also the site of against CAA and NRC . Like Delhi ’ s Shaheen Bagh , the entire area was blocked off . Actor Naseeruddin Shah had given a speech there .
Social media posts of few people involved in the mob violence indicate that the riots could have been pre-planned as calls for the mobilisation of Muslims were allegedly made on social media platforms on Tuesday evening .
Stay Safe Everyone Violence is not a solution . Do n't get carried away .
So gods are offended by only posts on social media but not by the extreme violence .
Violence is not the way . You people are making other Muslim 's lives difficult . A facebook post ca n't defame the image of world 's most influential person .
So everyone is pointing towards the violence caused by the mob yesterday but no one is speaking about the culprit who provoked everyone . This is why teaches peace . Violence breeds violence .
Bengaluru Riots : District Magistrate to Probe Violence , State Govt to Recover Losses from Rioters
So much violence for a post on social media and on the other side Hindu Gods and Goddesses ; an easy target for mockery in the name of secularism.For example : hinduphobia in stand up comedy which is considered cool . Hindus are intolerant ? Seriously , bhai waah !
That 's the beauty of India Muslims created human chain to guard a Temple in Bengaluru during violence .
As a Indian , I condemn the violence in but want to tell both sanghi hindutva communalists & hardline islamic communalists PLEASE Do n't insult each other 's religion , . We r too small to insult RAM or RAHIM .
Minus the violence , we must learn assertiveness from Muslims for protecting the symbols of our religion . A joke on Ganesha 's - We laugh Our festivals rediculed - We Obey Temples destroyed - We apologise Hindu community has already gone through major erosions
The violence in Bengaluru & the objectionable/offensive social media posts are highly condemnable . I appeal to everyone involved to not indulge in violence : AIMIM chief .
Nobody can alter the status of our beloved Holy Prophet Muhammad ( saw ) , by a vile post , but if we take law & order into our hands , we will damage his teachings of love , peace & Harmony . Violence not the way to justify Nabi 's Glory . . Innallaha Ma Sabareen .
A single post about Nabi created a mass violence in Bangalore . Every liberals post articles and images insulting Hindu Gods still none go for violence , still Hindu is considered as the most intolerant community and followers of Prophet as embodiment of peace
Never encouraged to defame religious personalities of any religion . People of all communities should cultivate it . Sick mentality is the curse for society . Strict action should b taken against initiators of violence . Damage is damage , wherever & whenever it occurs .
The way is burning is a Déjà vu , remember ? A Politician is blamed for Provoking Violence just like how was blamed in , was the cover up we found out it was rage against .These will b exposed soon too
Please do not expect a single word from this ‘ freedom of speech/ expression ‘ lot .. they go into hiding like the frog in winter .. whenever there is violence from the ‘ Dara hua Community ‘
Muslim Youths Form Human Chain To Protect Temple From Any Harm During Violence In & I Hope Media Is Going To Show This As Well People Are Trying To Spread Hate In Stop Hate Mongering .
First of all it 's not a riot ( दंगे ) , it 's only violence by one side ( no need to mention ) .
( وَمَآ أَرْسَلْنَٰكَ إِلَّا رَحْمَةً لِّلْعَٰلَمِينَ ) Our beloved Prophet PBUH was sent as mercy for whole humanity . How can you justify violence in his name ? ProphetMuhammad PBUH faced insults many time during his life time He responded with love.Follow his example
Now this is real . No talking of , , Loss to public property , protests . Asking to not demonise any community , who was attacking the temple ... Aliens ? Who is intolerant today mr. ?
For one Facebook post they burnt the house of MLA , brunt the police station , destroyed police vehicles , and these people talk about FoE and constitution and what not , what kind of aggression is this , what kind of religion teaches this type of violence .
Vandalism , violence and burning own country can never be justified ... Whatever reason you give but it can never justified .. Can you burn your own home ever ?
2 dead , 110 arrested and 60 cops injured . Because some feebly conscientious sectist shared a derogatory image and few fanatics could n't hold back their love for violence . Not the India we want to build .
Why is religion used as a reason for violence and who is to be condemned ... Both the instigator and the influencer , the mind behind the attack should be punished ... The youth involved in violence be taught a stringent lesson , so no one dares such nuisance again
Karnataka Home Minister Basavaraj Bommai then issue a stern warning to rioters and said that police has been provided a free hand to contain the violence . `` Issue to be probed but vandalism is not the solution . Additional forces deployed . Action will be taken
Why Secular and liberal gang is silent ? We should not disrespect anyone beliefs and there almighty . But we should not support violence in the name of religion . Who where suffering from hinduphobia , now what they will say on this violence ?
Hindus do not indulged in violence when blatantly abuses Hindu gods in movie PK ? or for that matter Hindu Gods r insulted frequently in name of art ( ex.nude s ) it is because thy r tolerant than these ppl .
The police have also recovered CCTV footages which allegedly showed that the Muslim leader was distributing money to rioters ahead of the violence . The CCTV footage indicates that the attacks against the police station were a pre-planned act as the rioters
Bangalore Riots : Shaheen Bagh is seen in Bengaluru . Anti CAA protests saw muslim women radicalised and acting as human shields for Jihadi mobs . The strategy repeats itself in Bengaluru . A warning for rest of India ,
Quite tragic that a post on FB could incite people to go on rampage and inflict violence.Citizens should n't fall prey to such targeted provocation.The PBUH himself sought forgiveness for those insulting and ridiculing him.He was never okay with violence .
: Violence breaks out in Pulakeshinagar over ‘ derogatory ’ post
A constitution reciting is just a play card , which nowadays is used selectively on the basis of selective agenda and hypocrisy . Why there is violence for a matter which could be handled by an FIR or by the law ? FYI
See this biased news telecast in It says violence btw 2 groups why they are afraid to telecast real news that it is from single pissful group
This is Pre-planned violence
Sardar Vallab Bhai Patel was right about Muslims who choose to stay back in India after Partition . Result is , Terrorism , Riots , Violence , Communal disharmony & contant threat to the social fabric of .
Those who incited the riots and provoked violence should be found and punished . Violence is never acceptable . Let 's aim for peace not hatred .
Violence is not the solution . What if he is MLA relative , an early FIR would have not caused so much disaster . So , now a community should not garland those who look law in their hand .
Indian Liberalism Summarised : Post anything derogatory and cheap about Prophet Mohammed- Violence and riots get broke out in Bangalore from Muslim community . Post anything derogatory and cheap about Hinduism- Call it as Freedom of Expression !
How the hell can a facebook post lead to this big violence .. Does God gets offended by Facebook post ?
Actually Followers engage in violence when they themselves deep down in their heart suffer massive guilt about shameful acts of their revered person . More the conviction about the guilt more the violence in name of prophet
Excellent write up this ! Violence has consequences . If you ’ re going to destroy public property & cause harm to citizens & public servants , you have to be ready to pay the price for it .
The Bangalore government should arrest everyone who were a part of this violence and make them pay for the damage like UP . They can not take law on their own hands , courts and police stations are there for getting justice .
Religion has the power to unite . After violence in Bangalore over a Facebook post , around 20 Muslim men formed a human chain outside a temple to protect it from a mob attack .
Bengaluru Riots : SDPI ’ s Muzammil Pasha arrested for organising , instigating violence , two other SDPI members absconding sir , Arrest all of them and give them perfect treat that nobody should think of doing this violence in future
First created violence Destroyed public property , pelted stones on Policemen , Burnt Cars . Now Doing Chain to protect Temple . Happy to see but , Good Chronology !
police gets permission to open fire , possibly complete freedom to act to control violence , After 3 hours of attack by Illiterates !
Arson , looting , violence in Bangalore . Total loss in the name of profit .
Sanghi Dangai Bhakts - far right of one religion creating far right of other religion . Divided in chief and Hate king succeeding everyday by creating far right dangai groups who believe violence can help in a democratic society
Jab Comedians , Bollywood Liberals , Lobby , Communist Hamare Bhagwan Shri Ram , Krishna , Ganesh , Shiv Ji .... Par Jokes Banate Hai Comedy Karte Hai To In Log Kaha Rehte Hai Police Station Me Aag ? Dange ? 2 Ki Hatya ? Stop Riots Stop Violence
Rioters must be punished . But who incited violence by fb post must be equally punished under law .
we support p naveen ... Violence should be condemned
Who create Bangalore violence ? is a political wing of . The man who arrested is Mujjimil Pasa for this riot and he is the activists of sdpi . The victim is a dalit MLA of .
Beware ! Libtards , Islamic apologetics , Islamists etc r cornered after d latest Muslim riot . Same was d situation b4 d Delhi anti Hindu riot . With all d violence Muslim mob unleashed , they were cornered . Finally they changed d narrative by a full anti Hindu riot , so
Just a Facebook post on Peacefus could lead to Violence against Dalit Congress MLA in Bangalore . But Hindus waited patiently and fought in Supreme Court to build . But we are called intolerant
If a facebook post hurts your faith , then check your faith . If a facebook post about prophet makes you angry then you know nothing about your prophet . Violence is shameful , cowardly and Jahil . Sharm Karo !
Dear Bangalore Hurt over a facebook post can never be the excuse for riot and arson Violence is never the answer . Stop insulting religions . Stop fighting on religions . Have n't we seen enough destruction on the name of religions yet ? Sincerely Delhi
Lots of things are said about on this platform . I have just one thing to say We should be ashamed for calling ourselves as responsible citizens if such things are allowed to happen in our neighborhood . Violence can never be the solution
Pre planned riots seeing at the numbers of ppl in crowd . Destroying private property . Anyone staying in blr will understand the truth of violence by knowing the community majority near area .
I strongly condemn the Bangalore violence and riot . Hurt sentiment must never be an excuse for murderous hatred or arson and those who incited it must be arrested and given strong punishment .
Bangalore violence by Muslim mob attacked police , burnt vehicles and what not ... Why are now secular chanters hindus and non hindus silent ?
SM post abt Profit is just an excuse , the real reason 4 d violence is construction of Ram Mandir . They will do more violence . V all should be careful ..
Dec - violence by Jamia Milli Students in Delhi . Jan - Communal Riots in UP Feb - Delhi Riots March - Corona Virus spread by Tabhlighi Jamaat April - Muslim mob attack health care workers in all over india . August - Now Bangaluru riots
Violence broke out in Pulakeshinagar after an angry mob , disturbed over over a derogatory post uploaded on social media by a relative of MLA Akhanda Srinivasa Murthy on Tuesday night , went on a rampage .. Hope for peace in Banglore
The place where the violence happened its just few KMS from my home , , and I request Bangalore Police to punish the culprit as per the LAW . Request all my brothers not to violate or take the law in their hands , Inn Sha Allah Police were surely give us the justice .
Always lectures for Hindus and why not for Muslims ? If someone posted something unacceptable in FB then is there any law to show the physical violence on the entire city ? Stop it and show some humanity .
IMAGINE all this VANDALISM , VIOLENCE & POLICE STATION set on FIRE in by a HINDU mob . From NDTV to AlJazeera and INC to OIC , liberals to JNU all these hypocrite scums might be ranting about HINDU RASHTRA , FASICM etc . But now they wo n't utter a word on !
As a Muslim I condemn the violence in but want to tell both sanghi hindutva communalists & hardline islamic communalists PLEASE do not insult each other 's religion , We r too small to insult RAM or RAHIM .
‘ And with that , I try my best to defend and justify the violence ’
Violence are not acceptable but why was Gustakh not arrested by the police , Despite the written complaint several days ago ? Arresting ? ? Police did not even Lodge an FIR ... Muslim will die in honor than to see or hear the insult on his Holy Prophetﷺ ...
Dozens of cops are also injured and fighting for their lives .... petty violence is not worth it people
If only Bengaluru Police had registered the FIR violence would n't have happened . Bengaluru Police , the mob and the Congress MLA must be blamed .
Dear followers of Islam even did n't react when people tried 2abuse & hurt him then what u learned by burning city just coz some brainless said something about our prophet ? ? Grow up learn to have patience and counter it with calm not with violence
If Facebook post offends god then what does violence and burns do ?
Now Mr Owaisi will look for some Hindutva elements behind this violence
Robert spencer . Muslims riot in Bangalore against a post on their prophet . Not one single news item on the MSM . Seems violence against the kafir doesn ’ t count as newsworthy in our MSM .
Idiot , violence started due to FB post by your MLA 'S nephew , keep your lecture to yourself you a * * * * * e .
liberandus were opposing a little violence happened against those who insulted Chatrapati Shivaji maharaj and lord Ganesha which was only limited to them Where are they right now ca n't they see what is happening in banglore ? ?
Violence broke out in Bengaluru on social media post regarding Islam . The message was posted by Congress legislator Akanda Murthy ’ s nephew . A mob gathered outside Murthy ’ s residents where they protest and 2 died .
It seems like 'the only almighty god ' is finally adapting the technology but his mentality is still trigger . Now a days he is using facebook but getting offended on a post and as usual preferring violence .
The Dalits who think that Congress is their saviour in protecting their rights , must see that not a single congressi has condemned the violence !
Karnataka needs someone like to handle law and order . Last night 's violence and riots were an eye opener . The city 's law & order machinery was crippled by arsonists and rioters . This is n't the Bangalore I know
Provocative Comments r posts to instigate communal violence for political Gains is Crime.Gaining power from d lives of Innocents is Barbarian Act.We r one as no one came from Gulf r US.They just followed Religions
Who is funding these rioters , allowing the worship places to teach violence in name of religion .
Violence over religion & religious beliefs is always uncalled for . It benefits no one , just causes loss . Especially because something was posted on social media ! Muslims should not become what people allege them to be , what they have been protesting .
India is Secular country . If we do a mistake its a crime . If they do crime its just innocence as they are uneducated . They are peaceful because they do riots . We are violent for sitting at home . We excuse for their violence so we r intolerant .
Arson & murderous violence over a FB post in Bangalore is disgusting . Don ’ t think any religion would justify riots
As violence erupts in Bengaluru , a group of Muslim Youth form a human chain to protect a Hindu Temple . Let 's promote harmony , fraternity and humanity .
You can not condemn the Bangalore violence and rioting by dragging in the allegedly hurtful Facebook post . You end up justifying the violence if you do that . Doesn ’ t matter how hateful a post is . Hurt sentiment is not an excuse for arson and riots .
We need very strict laws against rioters and agaist these goons .No matter how much one is facing . No one has the right for violence . They are frustrated and mentally ill people who took out their frustrations of self deed with such actions .
Violence is never the answer ... especially to `` hurt sentiments '' . If you hurt humans because they 'offended ' your God , you are disgusting . The Hindus who kill people for cows & the Muslims who riot because someone hurt their sentiments ... all of you , DISGUSTING !
Violence is provoked deliberately by hindutva , as they luv to play victim cards by provoking muslims , muslims was being tortured in name of CORONA JIHAD also ! ! Why to use such abusive launguage by MLAs aginsts muslims belief ! !
Does n't matter how offensive or derogatory the post was . The minute you resort to violence , nothing else matters .
Oh madam amend it , violence and arson , hooligans Just proves that religious fanaticism is a scourge in only one Community . Guilty must be brought to book as per law . Shameful !
Bomb blast , hug campaign drama Arson and violence , human chain drama All used to dupe the gullible .
One comman man did drogratory post about prophet ... and violence happened in bangaru did insult ramcharit mans publicly and he had a famous lifestyle ... That the secularism of india ... Happy shantipriya hindus
So that alleged human chain to save a Temple by Rioters was a damage control exercise after ( more than expected/planned violence ) in ? `` Upload kar Jaldi '' ! ! - at the end of the video shows the hurry to load and mellow down anger .
That 's the beauty of India Muslims created human chain to guard a Temple in Bengaluru during violence . Stay calm make peace . Long Live our Brotherhood
General Dyer advising the troops to form a human chain before massacring the crowd gathered at jallianwala Bagh .
Muslims creating a human chain to protect a temple is part of Islam 's teachings . Violence is totally anti Islam .
It is necessary to take action against those who committed violence and damage to government property .
Patience is part of belief . Violence is not acceptable in any cause .
Pre-planned violence by peaceful community in Bangalore is utterly shocking n abhorrent
Is it just one post that fueled this violence , or it is a part of dirty politics that always try to create violence amongst us .
Violence in the name of God and religious orthodoxy is disgusting , condemnable . is one of the example . Culprits should be punished and put behind the bar .
Violence broke out in Pulakeshinagar after an angry mob , disturbed over over a derogatory post uploaded on social media by a relative of MLA Akhanda Srinivasa Murthy on Tuesday night , went on a rampage .
When a Hindu god Shiva was mocked in the pk ture , no Hindu said anything , and when someone posted on Mohammed , there was violence in Bangalore . Shame on fake secularism
That 's the beauty of India Muslims created human chain to guard a Temple in during violence . Well done guys Stay calm make peace
If your sentiment is hurt over your religious figure being insulted why do n't you lodge an FIR and drag the culprit to judiciary ? Why always resorting to violence ? They did similar violence over same issue in france , in basirhat , now in bengaluru .
What we except from thier think all are done in peace both side get the justice we done opening of temple lord ram mandir making they will also do the opening of thier respected babari majid that 's it , why you need the Mob , violence and blood of each other .
All those give lectures n proud of their religion are just empty vessels . A true follower of any religion does n't indulge in violence not a single religion on earth encourages violence . So all the proud dumb assess of their religion go n read your scriptures
A group of Muslim youth gathered and formed a human chain around a temple in DJ Halli police station limits of Bengaluru city late last night , to protect it from arsonists after violence erupted in the area . Hats of to you bhai log keep it up
Do we need something like to ? Looks like really needs violence to hear issues .
If you think that the FB post was wrong while monkey-balncing the violence , you are a fascist . There was only one thing that was wrong . And that was NOT the FB post .
somebody else behind this violence , their main aim to disturb the peace.State government/ should take stringent action against those who involved and collect Ten folds more damage cost from behind this violence eruption .
Jihadis are on the streets ... burning Bangalore .... How they are always prepared for Danga .. Seculars .. Swara Bhaskars ... Shaheen Baghers .. suddenly silent . Every four months , jihadists do riots .. then Communists and Political leaders cry mercy . And cycle continues .
One ca n't take judiciary in their own hands , we condemn what happened last night in Bangalore . Violence is never the answer . But if we ca n't also agree that people do n't trust our judiciary then we are being hypocrites .
India is much more safer for you ... And you own the jungle raaj .
Bangalore Riots News : Bengaluru Violence Know All About And Its Timeline , Bs Yediyurappa – Bengaluru Violence : Know the whole incident of Bangalore violence , what happened on Sabotage and arson
Disgusting Tweet ! only serves , not a specific community . No one is `` अन्तर्यामी '' here , the investigation takes time . For delays , One can complain to Senior Officers , protest peacefully , but must never indulge in violence and riots .
If your religious sentiments can be hurt so easily by a FB post that it leads to violence and riots , kindly introspect your beliefs . Does n't matter how derogatory the post is , Violence is unjustified . Unjustified .
Its becuz congress posted a joke on prophet . If bjp or rss would have posted then today we could have seen second shaheen bagh and next partitionof india
Muzamil Pasha , an SDPI leader has been arrested by Police in connection with DJ Halli police station limits violence ( in Bengaluru ) : Mujahid Pasha , convenor SDPI ( Social Democratic Party of India ) .
Situation under control after violence broke out in Kaval Byrasandra , D.J . Halli , after a mob gathered in the area protesting against an alleged inflammatory social media post on Tuesday late night .
Whether ISIS , Al-Qaeda , Delhi rioters or Bangalore rioters they all use the same slogan before starting violence and then they say terrorism has no religion .
राष्ट्रवादी अभिषेक पाण्डेय OPM ( Tweeted : Pre-planned violence by peaceful community in Bangalore is utterly shocking n abhorrent (
Violence is never acceptable but why did they do this ? Why police Did not filed their complaint against the mockery of their deity ? Immediate anger like this is not acceptable ! Why ppl make fun of Deities belonging to any religion ?
I see so many ppl mocking hindu god , but nothing happens only maximum FIR gets registered . in case of other Why doing violence , riots , buring and disturbing society ? What kind of people are these and destroying our country ?
Muslim will never be at peace with them self or with others . Violence is in their blood . As it ’ s written in Quran & preached by mullahs since 1400 years .
Now the sik-liars brigade will come out saying ‘ extremism has no religion , let ’ s condem violence not religion , these were just handful of miguided people , bla bla
India has gone from bad to worse . Intolerance is at it 's low . Minorities ca n't even breath . No freedom to indulge in little bit of violence in the name of religion . Democracy is dead . Should we blame ji for this .
Really sad to see people indulging in Violence . Radical fundamentalism in any religion is dangerous .
Unprovoked violence against Hindus punctuates the history of India . What we saw in Delhi a few months ago , repeated in Bangalore yesterday & has been repeating itself since centuries . The story of victim Dinesh Kumar
We will be LIVE with at 12:30PM | To of Discussion will be - Bangalore Violence No Different from Delhi Watch Here LIVE -
: Accused Naveen arrested for sharing derogatory posts on social media : Police Comm . 2 persons died and around 60 police personnel sustained injuries in the violence that broke out over the social media post , in last night .
No , your hurt sentiments aren ’ t good justification to collect a mob , go on a rampage , and unleash violence - irrespective of your religion . You don ’ t get to do this and still proclaim Islam is religion of peace . There are other ways to protest “ hurt sentiments ”
What if we had in Bangalore Buslim mob- do riots , burn vehicles , violence and killings Kapil Mishra- Houses of innocent hindus are being burnt , arrest and hang the rioters NDTV/ Lutyen media- Anti Muslim riots
I wonder what a poor creature that prophet must have been to preach intolerance and instigate for violence to his followers .
It is not that Proffet Muhammad has been called bad for the first time in his own life . But he never turned back and bothered anyone . Do not mess up their names and their work by participating I violence . This is their identity , `` Peace Loving Prophet '' .
My burns coz of hate .. Religion was n't , people filled with hate were violent . Ram keh ke aag lagao ya Allah ke naam pe .. Jalta toh insaan hi hai . I will condemn the people spreading hate & violence BUT NOT the religion .
Scary capture of demography . No wonder 'they ' resort to threats & violence at the very mention of
Full video on Bangalore violence
Violence will never be the answer for hatred ... Period .
took place yesterday before MLA 's residence .. 3 people died as violence broke out in the eastern part of yesterday over a Facebook message allegedly posted by relative of a Congress MLA who has been arrested .
After creating & burning Hindu Homes , they are lecturing about peace . How ? by forming human chain to guard a Temple . Seriously ! ! ! With whom you are protecting ? I see some Hindus blaming Hindutva for this violence . never fall into their trap . Pre-planned narrative
Bengaluru Riots : Violence and arson seen in Bengaluru after Congress leader 's relative made a post about Islam Riots broke out in eastern Bengaluru over a `` derogatory message ' posted by a Congress leader 's relative on social media .
Waiting for the tweets and comments by librandus over the violence in Wanted to see the cover up story for all this nonsense
Remember , Even though you feed a snake or take care of it , it will always plot to eat you ! ! ! Choose the people and support the people wisely or else they will be after you one day ! ! ! ! Stop supporting people behind violence for the sake of vote bank ! !
seriously how can you gather around over an FB post ... Why vandalise and cause destruction ? Why be so frustrated on Janmashtami ? when you can deal with this in a non violent way .. this looks like an excuse to cause violence
Karnataka : A group of Muslim youth gathered and formed a human chain around a temple in DJ Halli police station limits of Bengaluru city late last night , to protect it from arsonists after violence erupted in area .
What missing here is that it 's Muslims only responsible for Arson and Violence in Do n't fall for this photo op .
Three Killed In Bengaluru Violence , Over 100 Arrested , Violence-Hit Areas Under Curfew
There are so many minorities in India- Jain , Sikhs , Parsis , Christians , Buddhists etc . They never indulge in any riots and have co-existed peacefully . Only one community is always involved in riots and violence . Tells you there 's something terribly wrong with them
What exactly was the post which triggered this mob violence ? The plea of 'insult to prophet ' and 'insult to Quran ' is being used too often to curb freedom of expression and justifying rioting and even murder . The content of the post should be shared .
Violence had broken out after a mob gathered outside the residence of MLA 's house . The incident took place in Bengaluru , the mob alleged because the Facebook post by the MLA ’ s relative was offensive to Islam & its beliefs .
Our Prophet ( PBUH ) isn ’ t just insulted and ridiculed today , he dealt with it in his lifetime too . He asked for those that passed insulting comments to be pardoned , he never called for violence . Resist fascism & do n't fall for it
Strongly condemn such regressive violence . Where are the liberal and secular voices ?
i condemn the derogatory post on our beloved prophet and also condemn the violence but MLA should be arrest .
Why is all this violence happening in BJP ruled states ... Just wondering ? ? ? ! !
The violence in Bangalore has shaken me up.A grim reality of the fault lines that exist.Lets not make this will only help in playing into the hands of people who want to further the fault lines
Listen up Kannadigas . You thought that violent riots only take place in Cow-belt Hinthi lands . Violence is knocking at your doorstep now . Wake up before you let Karnataka turn into Syria !
WE CONDEMN HOOLIGANISM , ARSON , VIOLENCE AND RIOTS IN THE NAME OF PROPHET MUHAMMAD IN BANGALORE , SUCH ACTIONS ARE TOTALLY UNISLAMIC , BEST OPTION IS TAKING LEGAL RECOURSE AGAINST PERSON MADE DEROGATORY REMARKS AGAINST PROPHET MUHAMMAD
is n't it a black day Or danger for democracy ? If you are still silent after seeing violence on street , then you are coward , nothing else .
Muslim youths form human chain to protect Hindu temple amid Bengaluru violence .
Naveen is the name of the terrorist who started this violence .
Unprovoked violence against Hindus punctuates the history of India . What we saw in Delhi a few months ago , repeated in Bangalore yesterday & has been repeating itself since centuries .
If a mere facebook post prompts you to incite violence , you need to grow up ! Such fickle minds
If any other Hindu has a quarrel with a Dalit , it becomes anti-Dalit violence . You will find all these words absent from the discussion about this riot .
It is so disheartening to see a city —you can your own — burning . Violence in Bangalore ! Vehicles burnt - Police station blazed - stones hurled by the mob - windows broken .
it astonishes me how easy it is to make disgusting , controversial posts on social media in today 's age to incite violence between communities and then blame a `` hacker '' for the same .
If you find any difference between cow vigilantes chanting to lynch and psychotic Muslims using Nar-e-takbeer to provoke violence , then you are no less than a communal bigot .
By time and again , the have indulged in all kinds of violence , at the pretext of being hurt on religious grounds . Yesterday , , were a brazen prove that are intolerant , communal in garb of secular , violent , hate-filled & vengeful .
Another video of some Mufti PM Muzammil of Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind is doing rounds in which he is seen appealing to Muslims to stop violence as the FIR has been filed . Notice the smirk on the face of the religious leader and also the scenes in the background .
Riots in Kaval byrsandra in Bangalore is a very disturbing incident . We appeal to all the people to maintain calm & peace Please do not resort to violence & destroy public property
halli violence ...
The lecture of secularism & tolerance is only for one group the other one is free to do any kind of violence & incendiarism for mere facebook post . The so called librals who always tries to blame Hindus will have no guts to point fingers on the peaceful community
Violence was never the answer , will never be . Prima facie , it does look like an organised mob , who gathered immediately after taking offence to the FB post . But I will stop at my reading . Let 's allow the lawmakers to investigate , hopefully with political pressure .
There 's really no justification for the ( ) ! Gods or Prophets do n't need our protection & that too in exchange of violence and loss of innocent lives ! Be it a retaliation or anything , law should be allowed to take it 's due course !
: Section 144 has been imposed in Banglore , curfew has been imposed in DJ Halli and KG Halli police station limits after violence broke out in the area .
Bengaluru violence : 1 . Karnataka Govt must identify all rioters & seize their properties and recover all the cost of damages to both private & public property . 2 . Do not give compensation to any rioter , killed in police firing .
The country is witnessing emboldening of right wing extremists like never before . The violence in Bangalore which led to death of 3 comes months after New Delhi 's communal riots , in which more than 55 people were killed .
Jihadis are on the streets ... burning Bangalore ... How they are always prepared for Danga .. Seculars .. Swara Bhaskars ... Shaheen Baghers .. suddenly silent . Every four months , jihadists do riots .. then Communists and Political leaders cry mercy . And cycle continues .
For the sake of humanity , stop blaming every muslim for Bangalore violence . It 's just that 99.99 % are same . Let peace prevail .
This govt is doing good in almost everything ... hmm what can be done to disrupt ? ScamGress : Come let 's incite violence . We are anyways good at it Result ? :
Bangalore Riots : Shaheen Bagh is seen in Bengaluru . Anti CAA protests saw muslim women radicalised and acting as human shields for Jihadi mobs . The strategy repeats itself in Bengaluru . A warning for rest of India , this model is unrolling acro
Look at the tolerance levels of radical Islam for everything they have one answer ... violence
Such a sad day in Indian history , a country which is known for its peace and kaleidosco unity experienced its first-ever case of mob violence . It was a black day and it will haunt us forever
Bittu_Tufani : Pre-planned violence by peaceful community in Bangalore is utterly shocking n abhorrent
When violence runs in your blood , you are n't called Humans .. you are called Barbarians
Prophet Muhammed ( Peace be upon him ) has experienced hardest of the hard torments , abuse and mockery from his own people . He ( pbuh ) showed tolerance and peace towards them . Violence is never a solution . Peace should be maintained and responsible should be arrested
Bangalore Riots : Jihadi template from Delhi Riots and Shaheen Bag—Women and children will be used as human shields .....
A resident walks past burnt vehicles after violence broke out overnight in Devara Jevana Halli area following a `` derogatory '' Facebook post about the Prophet Mohammed that sparked riots in Bangalore , India Credit : Manjunath Kiran/AFP via Getty Images
Our nation was founded on Mahatma Gandhi 's principle of Ahimsa & resorting to violence yields nothing . We condemn the violence that has taken place in Bengaluru and urge the people to maintain peace and law & order .
Just the way profanity against Mohammad Saheb was wrong .. In the same way , any type of violence is also wrong . Today is the time for Muslims to show understanding .. Do not take any wrong steps .. sprade love and send
Burning public property and police station is never a solution .
Tweet from ABP News ( ABP News ( Tweeted : Violence Rips Across Over Derogatory Social Media Post On ; 2 Dead , 60 Cops Injured
Dear तुम ऐसे तो ना थे ? You were never like this ? Stop violence
Never heard about violence Banglore . Shocking ! This violence is well organized .
Pre-planned violence by peaceful community in Bangalore is utterly shocking n abhorrent Arrest Zameer Ahmed Identify and Arrest the Rioters by referring videos from Social Media
It does n't matter how offensive the post was , the moment u chose violence nothing else matters Ur creator can never be insulted by anyone 's word he 's beyond everything His prophet ( swt ) never asked for violence . Even he prayed for those who trespassed against him
Who gave u right to make violence.Ur jihadis mind never make efforts to keep peace in society.u always want to spread hatred and negativity in community.God will never forgive u under any circumstances.Govt must take action upon these jihadis mind
The scale of mobilization and Violence at a drop of a hat at any nook n corner of the country . Every Indian Take note and start calling a spade a spade . No one will be safe if utter disregard of Law n Order will not be called out .
This is how you create a narrative against the backdrop of violence . This is their training , what is horrible is the gullible ( Stupid ’ s ) within us still fall for this notoriety .
Bangalore Riots : Shaheen Bagh is seen in Bengaluru . Anti CAA protests saw muslim women radicalised and acting as human shields for Jihadi mobs . The strategy repeats .
Bangalore Riots : Shaheen Bagh is seen in Bengaluru . Anti CAA protests saw muslim women radicalised and acting as human shields for Jihadi mobs . The strategy repeats itself in Bengaluru . A warning for rest of India , this model is unrolling across
Violence break out in Bengaluru by peaceful community over fb post , 60 cops injured , 50+ vehicles burnt ..
While PM Modi & GoI is working on getting more investments , this community & cabal is targeting major cities with violence , arson . It 's not just about their frustration at losing power/370/Ram Mandir . It 's a planned attempt to wreck 's growth .
This ridiculous tweet of Tharoor is the reason why Congress is not going to win any general election in near future .... idiot ca n't even condone violence unequivocally
Muslims created human chain to guard a Temple in during violence .
Until and unless anyone gives more attention to violence instigators on either side , there is no end to it . And also some group who spent their entire life in spreading communal hatred is watching this happen happily
This is sad and shocking , on this Special Janmashtmi day this much violence , that too for a fb post ? The Dalit MLA especially and whole Bengaluru needs to be protected immidiately
He is the one who Loved the Sinner , embarrassed the stranger , enriched the poor , visited the ill and forgave the enemy . He never supported violence even if he was humiliated , insulted or disrespected .
Bengaluru violence : Man whose communal post sparked clashes held , Sec 144 imposed Congress MLA 's kin , Naveen , has been arrested whose communal post sparked violent clashes . Sec 144 imposed in Bengaluru & curfew in DJ Halli area .
Previously Delhi now Bangalore same DNA of violence . God save India . Yogi model be implemented against those who are responsible for riots .
I hereby condemn the incidents occurred in Bengaluru after an SM post . When Prophet Mohamed ( PBUH ) himself had forgiven to his enemies after victory , this section of people who set violence is giving a negative image of the community they belong to .
Avoid becoming what you are fighting.If you are fighting against Violence do n't do it with Violence , Does n't serve the purpose . Bangalore Riots .
Dalit MLA Why do n't we just keep calm and live with in our religion and why do n't we just behave like humans say no to violence `` THE END ``
Islam does not teach violence and people creating disharmony in the name of Islam are not true believers and are disgrace to the entire Muslim community . I condemn
Waiting for founder Mark Zuckerberg to blame for Bengaluru Violence why all leftist lobby silent today ?
Highly condemnable , the violence by muslim mob in . Religious fanaticism is a weapon in all communities . After all , `` Mobs ka koi mazhab nahi hota '' . Those who incited the must be found and punished .
Protest is a fundamental right for any democratic society to make their point across , but it should NEVER I repeat NEVER turn out to be a preplanned act of Vandalism and Violence .
I condemn attack on a dalit MLA of in Banglore . This proves Jai Bhim- Jai Meem is a drama . I do n't think violence took place just because of a Facebook post . Looks preplanned .
Many vehicles were set on fire and MLA ’ s house was also set on fire . In the ensuing violence 60 policemen including a ACP rank officer were injured , while two rioters were killed and 6 others received bullet injuries . The police ultimately managed to control
This is the face of face of secularism . He condemnns the fb post but he says the violence us just unfortunate . He doesnt condemn the violence . Shameless .
Just watch how the liberal & secular media/intellectuals will justify & normalize the riot/violence by the 'peaceful ' mobs in Bangalore . Coincidentally , these will be the same set of people who supported the Anti-CAA protests/violence/riots .
Violence broke out in last night over an alleged inciting social media post . 2 died , 110 arrested , around 60 Police personnel injured . As per Bengaluru Police Commissioner , accused Naveen arrested `` for sharing derogatory post '' .
When Hindus react for the same reason ( still they do n't start riots ) they become intolerant.This is reality of secularism in India.If anything bad is said about hindu gods , then there is freedom of speech and if same happens with other religions violence justified
Muslim brothers/sisters should understand that every act of violence by them will help Modi getting his 3rd term . Stop digging your own grave !
This moron was CM . Does not have the guts to condemn the violence on innocents and police by jihadis .
A Question .. Isnit necessary to post peace message with Pictures or Videos of any Violence or Riots ? Ca n't it be a simple Peace message with some tures or videos of Real Peace , Unity ?
Bengaluru Police has arrested Congress MLA Srinivas Murthy 's nephew for sharing a 'derogatory ' post on social media , which triggered violence in the city last night .
People trying to disturb the peace and harmony on the society must not be spared . This is shameful what happened in . the people responsible for inciting violence should be tracked down & given strictest of punishment .
A religious guy once brainwashed a gamer and made him believe that video games promote violence .
All the violence and arson in Bengaluru is barbarous & unfortunate . Taking law into hands is not the right way to express agitation or opinions . We need to let peace prevail and law take its course .
Still finding the tweet of the saviours of democracy , freedom of speech on the but no one has posted anything where are and others I think this not violence according to them ohooo becoz no involved in this matter
Bangalore Riots : Shaheen Bagh is seen in Bengaluru . Anti CAA protests saw muslim women radicalised and acting as human shields for Jihadi mobs . The strategy repeats itself in Bengaluru . A warning for rest of India , this model is unro
so here is the details of what happened in bangalore , and stop blaming whole Muslims community by looking at one angle & also calling someone for protest is not crime until u do violence or involve in violence .

Fanatics are the biggest threat to Humanity & Peace These ignorants need to understand that God does n't get offended by a mere post or mockery God does n't need our ( humans ) help to save/maintain his image So , stop doing violence in the name of God or Religion
The shameful event happened yesterday in bangalore is not what Islam taught me . Does n't matter how offensive or derogatory the post was , the minute you resort to violence , nothing else matters ! !
What happened in is extremely condemnable act by Muslim extremists . Gheraoing someone 's home , and rioting for an alleged Facebook post against God , is just mindless violence . Whatever be the provocation , resorting to violence is criminal activity .
CCTV footage was recovered which showed distributing money to rioters ahead of the violence . Who funded this I see no difference in
Incase you do n't know , `` almighty '' probably does not get hurt by fb posts but definitely does get hurt by real life violence .
Police should be given shoot and sight orders for Hindu terrorists who are inciting violence .
Guys , do n't go out to see how the violence is or the place of attack . It 's stupid to venture out . Stay home and stay safe ! !
Thousands of derogatory posts on Lord Ram this week over Bhoomi Pujan . Not a single case of any violence or riots in the country , one post on Prophet ( not defending it ) and entire city was planned to torched down . Guess where the actual intolerance lies ?
You can not condemn the Bangalore violence and rioting by dragging in the allegedly hurtful Facebook post . You end up justifying the violence if you do that . Doesn ’ t matter how hateful a post is . Hurt sentiment is not an excuse for arson and riots . ाद
Karnataka : Violence Breaks Out In East Bengaluru , MLA ’ s House Attacked | ... via
Some forces are hell bent on breaking India . Exemplary punishment must be awarded to the people instigating communal violence .
You can not justify any violence over “ hurt sentiments ” . No Facebook post , or anything on social media is “ offensive enough ” to launch such violence on someone else . People lose their lives , and no God is going to feel redeemed with taking innocent lives .
I have not seen that controversial Facebook post on Prophet which triggered violence in Bangalore . If it is a critical or satirical post , it must be covered by Freedom of Speech If it is deragatory or abusive , then we can consider further action/punishment
Muslims protecting temples from Muslim violence ? This is how to incite violence and then play victim card
30 people have been arrested in connection with the violence that broke out over an alleged inciting social media post , in Bengaluru . More arrests are being made : Sandeep Patil , Joint Commissioner of Police ( Crime ) Bengaluru ( file photo )
I do n't know , why some people become sudden contractor of any religion and instigate riot ! I do n't know about what was written in Facebook post and do n't want to know that either , but this does n't give you any right to incite violence !
Pre-planned violence by peaceful community in Bangalore is utterly shocking n abhorrent (
We do n't need your messenger of peace , on whose name your followers instigate violence , kill innocents ! Stop this Dramabaazi ! This is how you people have been back stabbing us every time , in Delhi - Feb'20 and now in Bengaluru .
peacefuls on rampage in ... types hv succeeded in inciting violence must be feeling so good ! ! !
Appeal to Muslims of Banglore . Violence is Not the way . We shall not damage National property for Mistake of One guy , Law will take action against him do n't take law in hand please This is my request
Pre-planned violence by peaceful community in Bangalore is utterly shocking n abhorrent .
This is the difference between Dharma an Mazhab . Dharma - epitome of Tolerance , but questioned on tolerance everyday . Mazhab -- 0 Tolerance , everyday violence , terrorism in world , but liberals like its religion of peace . we all are not same . Always different .
We are not enraged . This is routine violence . Salman Rushdie , Tasleema Nasreen , Charlie Hebdo , Deccan Herald 1986 Bangalore and now again in Bangalore .. Very normal thing in this world .
Terrorism does not have RELIGION Violence does not have RELIGION Riot does not have RELIGION Mob do not have RELIGION Who have then ? The rest of the WORLD need to know
Indeed , no major media house has even called it a riot yet . The incidents of yesterday night are being called ‘ violence ’ , ‘ clashes ’ or ‘ disturbances ’ . Notice how when Hindus are accused , it becomes a pogrom , genocide and mass murder .
No justification for violence . Extremism in any form , be it from any faith , must be condemned .
First , it was not a riot . It was absolutely one-sided violence . Second , a section of people are privileged in India and they are above law . They can burn trains ( WB ) they can burn houses ( Bangalore ) and they can kill anybody they want ..
The Bangalore Riot is only the tip of the iceberg in terms of the mental and physical abuse going on in the country . If it ’ s not a riot , it ’ s a case of domestic violence or child abuse that goes unreported .
strongly condemns the agenda driven violence in backed by communal forces . It 's unfortunate that few police officials have been hurt in the arson & vandalism .
Why do people get violent over other people 's opinion ! If all religion teaches peace over violence , then everyone should learn to ignore such comments .
Liberals - Muslims form human chain to protect Hindu temple from mob . From Whom ? Ans- Police arrested SDPI Secretary Muzamil Pasha who was planning this violence yesterday afternoon , was sending messages in FB , WA groups to gather mob . ~News Public TV Kannada
Violence broke out in last night over an alleged inciting SocialMedia post . 2died,110 arrested , around 60 Police personnel injured . As per Police Commissioner , accused Naveen arrested `` for sharing derogatory post '' .Latest visuals from DJ Halli .
We demand strict legal action against this culprit Naveen who is responsible for inciting communal violence and anger outrages among mob to vandalize the public property of Bangalore by his derogatory comments against our prophet Muhammad
Salute to Bangalore police . It suppressed the violence in one night . Ours Delhi Police waited for 72 hours & it acted after PM appealed for peace ... after 3 days of full fledged riots in national capital .
The True Face Of No Matter What ! They are always like This is not , That Anything wrong about any God .
Violence is never justified no matter which God is mocked . Religions should not be free from criticism or mockery . Sad to see burning . . . . . .
Kindly check the violence happened in bangalore let us know if it 's intolerance or freedom of expression .
step by step they are doing violence in different states it is pre-planned one to prove themselves we are majority or we can do anything . it will happen to anyone in coming days.forget of thinking secularism.still if you stand on that you ca n't survive yourself
The beauty of seculars : Ask dem who did the act of violence ? Them : do n't associate violence with any religion . Also them : but there were a bunch of Muslims forming a human chain to save a temple . ( & mind you , they 'd emphasize so much on the word `` Muslim '' this time )
The seemingly organized violence in an otherwise safe city like Bangalore at DJHalli is unacceptable . The miscreants need to be rounded up & brought to book at the earliest . Inciting riots & then forming human chains do n't square up !
Bangalore violence Better to have a commando force with intelligence apparatus and autonomy to quell , nip in the bud any incipient riot or happening ones right under magistrates . Also greatly increase punishment and only one tier of appeal
Dear bro & sis in Islam , it ’ s very heartbreaking that some hate mongers r constantly attacking our beloved prophet ( PBUH ) n they must be punished without any doubt , but we d follower of messenger of peace ( PBUH ) must not indulge in any kind of violence ... cont ...
So God gets offended by Facebook post and not by the violence ?
I genuinely feel that as a nation , we are dwindling our hope of having excellent coexistence . The sheer mediocrity in dealing with physical violence is leading a variety of faith to dance in the festival of killing and destruction . 'Stop the act Or Act to stop '
Frightful scenes from 's KG Halli that witnessed largescale violence and arson on Tuesday night over communal social media post by a relative of a Congress MLA . Government must take strict action against those involved in violence and arson .
Why ? ? ? This is very sad to see such kind of violence , only we people will suffer from all this shit and other will reap benefit out of the situation .
The Dalit congress Mla 's house which has been by the mob .. Mob violence should n't be tolerated Those who had incited and effectuated the , should be arrested and given punishment
I have always believed in inclusive India and hated RSS/BJP but seeing violence over a facebook post by a muslims make me think otherwise . Secularism is two way street and violence can never be justified over a social media post no matter what ! ( 1/2 )
Classic Jihadi strategies .. Create a fear psychosis . Use violence to perpetuate fear . Subdue the frightened . Subjugate .. Enslave .. Conquer ..
The actions in the aftermath of Bengaluru riots should show that state will not tolerate jihadi violence . No compensation should be paid to those who are killed and injured in rioting .
Now who is Tolerant ? 'We ' have been seeing our gods being insulted for past 70 yrs ... and look what they did in return just because of a post on SM by some arse . 'They ' can never be . They 're just .
Today Bangalore police were attacked . What for ? What is their mistake . It happened in Delhi riots also . And why this violence ?
Banglore city vandalised last night , as violence broke out over an alleged inciting social media post . Attacked on police arms Destroying police station Vandalizing MLA house Attack Fire fighting vehicle 's Destroyed Bangalore City peace in 2hrs
Prophet ( PBUH ) has dealt with it in his lifetime too but He asked for those that passed insulting comments to be pardoned , he never called for violence . Violence can never be acceptable , no matter the provocation.Everyone who participated in the must face the law .
Stop calling is a violence it is a well coordinated riot
Serious requests to all kinds of `` religious protectors '' - you do n't own God , you do n't have to be offended on His behalf . Hate begets hate . Fanaticism is oxygen to violence .
Do n't forget how the All India Muslim Personal Law Board ( AIMPLB ) suggested violence in response to the supreme court 's verdict on Ram Janmabhoomi . Bangalore riots connection ?
No place for violence
Prophet Muhammad faced worst insults in his life . Enemies put rotten intestines of camel in his shoulder while he was praying . Followers of muhammed did n't use violence against those enemies then . Now some fools wanted to be better than those friends of Muhammed
Relegion is for peace not for your riots ... Try to live with some tolerance ... Violence is not an answer ... Some venemous and vandalistic hindus & muslims will ruin this nation . Stop this ... Live with peace & make tolerent lifestyle . Build a nation with harmony
Part of bangalore had been engulfed in violence , and I stand with the people of bangalore , people have been killed due to police firing too , and property also damaged . I will always worry about the people on the ground . I hope the community can aid each other
All forms of violence & lawlessness are condemnable . However , one ca n't not notice the difference between the Delhi riots & the B'lore riots .
I 'm still clueless why this much violence for a FB post ? !
BURNING BANGALORE ! There are many Anti-Hindu posts we see circulating in our day to day life , we even see how some comedians make fun of Hinduism but we see no violence or riots taking place because of this . News Report by
Pre-planned violence by so called peaceful community in Banglore . Shhhhh ... kuch mat bolo Secularism hai
* Hearing now that police gets permission to open fire , possibly complete freedom to act to control violence . * talks to over phone and gives free hand .
Pre-planned violence by mobs in Bangalore is utterly shocking n abhorrent . ! .Property should be atatched of MOBS for the loss Of Karnatka Govt . !
Muslim brothers creating human chain to safeguard the temple . Blasphemy on our prophet is codemnable but violence is not the solution . must make the MLA answerable to the poeple .
God is all forgiving but not their devotees ! ! We must ensure that trend of violence over social media posts should stop . Otherewise , our peace and security is contingent upon any stupid putting something on social media .
Y people need to resort to violence . This is a mockery of the democracy . Let police take the due course and punish all those responsible for the facebook post and those who took law into their hands . Nothing is bigger than the law . No one is above law .
Bengaluru violence : At least three dead , over 50 cops injured
What has happened in Banglore is highly condemnable , getting offended by a post over Prophet and rioting and inciting violence in the name religion shows fanaticism , which is desable , Let law take care of
I truely condemn the violence that took place in last night . A request to all the people irrspective of their religion . Please grow up & help our country rise and not bring it down.Do n't make a mockery of this country .
When stand-up comedians make jokes on Rama and then not a single hindu gets up and involved in such type of violence ... Then Why always A So called tolerant community do such things and spread violence ? Strict action should be taken
These are the same people who were tweeting violence doesn ’ t have religion and now a cong spokes person dies of heart attack and they blame a TV debate and debaters .. And till now didn ’ t write any articles on buslim riots
Such things with the context of last night 's violence in make me more confident about the need of .
Freedom of speech is being equated with freedom of violence by What a joke ..
Who is this basheer ? why was he not arrested for such dirty comments on Hindu devi and our P.M. or the majority should believe that there would be no action against him because minority appeasement is important even after so much violence n riots by them .
When news channels talk about 1 . Bangalore violence they say “ vishesh samuday ” 2. human chain they use the name of the religion and feel proud 3 . Why the riots were broken , they start from post 2 rather then post 1
Dear bro & sis in Islam , it ’ s very heartbreaking that some hate mongers r constantly attacking our beloved prophet ( PBUH ) n they must be punished without any doubt , but we d follower of messenger of peace ( PBUH ) must not indulge in any kind of violence ... cont ..
If you think violence & retaliation in the name of one god is unjustified because faith is unshakable , then why is violence & retaliation in the name of another god acceptable and does not warrant condemnation without a caveat ?
If you think your Prophet will be offended by some social media post and will accept your violence as a legitimate response , then it is you who has a very low opinion about him
Violence is never an answer and a pen is always sharper than a sword ! Record ur strong objections if something hurts you ! Dont burn people ! Whoever is found guilty is to be punished !
Captured the property of Radicals mob . This type of violence is Condemnedable at all .
Right wing extremism , it 's whimsical ideology is the root of all problems . May it be any religion or faith . You 'll never see sensible and rational folks rioting or getting involved in mob violence
The Actual Hate & violence starts from Social Media & Tv Media
A way of diverting media 's attention from Sushant 's case ? Because the man who instigated violence is from Congress nd not BJP for a change , in a BJP ruling state .
Other side of reveals who ’ s violent and tolerant . Waiting for victim card play and justification by libbies
SDPI party did riots in Bangalore . Death toll in violence rises to three ; 110 arsonists arrested by police
Till now no so called peaceful , fake pro ch0slim media has blamed for violence in Bangalore , please get it checked whether he is directly or indirectly responsible for inciting riots .. ? These ch0slim terr0r ! st must be treated Yogi Ji way ..
The absolute silence of the Congress after is highly susious . Not a word has been spoken by anyone . Could it be that the provocative post was deliberately planted to incite violence ? With the , anything is possible .
If you 're Justifying riots and killing due to a social media post , you 're the problem . Violence in any form is not acceptable . So , those involved in the violence must be found and made to face the law . This marks a black dot on us . Sick .
were planned . 1000+ People gathered within few minutes with Petrol bomb & weapons . FB Post was just an excuse to show frustration of Ram Mandir . SDPI leader Muzamil Pasha has been arrested in connection with violence . They are capable enough for this !
Amidst all the violence , the Congress MLA Akhanda Srinivasa Murthy appealed to the people to maintain peace and said action will be taken against the person , who allegedly posted the post .
We badly need to curb communal violence . Do assets recovery from rioters like uttar pradesh .
Merely , a FB post cant demonise Hazrat Prophet Muhammad PBUH . The post is no doubt condemnable & strictest action shld be taken against the accused . Also , no religion teaches violence . This isnt the way to react on derogatory posts . Its demonising entire religion .
Recall the events of a few days ago , when incidents of comedians like Munawar Faruqui , Agrima Joshua , Kenny Sebastian , Vir Das etc . mocking Hindu deities and hurting Hindu sentiments came to light . There was no violence from the side of the Hindus .
Section 144 has been imposed in Bengaluru , curfew has been imposed in DJ Halli and KG Halli police station limits after violence broke out in the area .
Biggest enemies of Hindus are Hindus themselves . History tells us innumerable instances where Hindus backstabbed Hindus ; and that is true even today . Look at the comments made by Hindus on Bangalore violence .
Shahin Bagh , Lucknow & now in Bangalore . Now Stop any TV debate with one Hindu & One Muslim or Maulana , who starts condemning the Riots . Need immediate action on culprits without caring any Political interference as it is growing day by day in country .
If you condemn Violence yet you ca n't decide on who 's `` side '' you are , it means no actual condemnation according to some peeps . Instead of choosing sides , get solutions
Why to do violence because of a post on Facebook ? How and why does it make any sense ?
and do violence , target This is peaceful people , let 's say why we are in fear let 's talk about them .
I appeal to maintain peace & calm in . Violence is not d answer . Take legal action against the accused for defaming religion . But please dont take law & order in your hands . g
See the language used by liberals and their media gang in ! `` Violence erupted over facebook post '' ! ! `` , they are sort of justifying violence ? What happened to freedom of expression ? ? Should Hindus stone pelt for tweeting - '' Bloody Diwali '' ?
Strongly condemn violence in the name of Prophet Mohammed sa
On Tuesday , a Muslim mob went on a rampage and unleashed brutal violence and arson in Bengaluru on Tuesday evening over a Facebook post that was allegedly derogatory to Prophet Mohammad . The Muslim mob hit the streets near DJ Halli and KG Halli police station
are a part of a bigger plan which i think will unravel right after the lockdown is lifted . There is a bigger plan to dominate the majority compromising population in this country by means of attacking the state in every city and through violence.1/2
Instead of peacefully resolving the matter they resorted to violence and mob justice by torching vehicles and house of MLA .
There is a call for freedom of expression and legal means to address grievances.Violence is not a solution
The seemingly organized violence in an otherwise safe city like at is unacceptable . The miscreants need to be rounded up & brought to book at the earliest . Inciting riots & then forming human chains do n't square up !
Hey Does God get offended only by posts and not by human violence ? Help us mortals understand .
Jokes on lord ram = violence Jokes on prophet muhammad = violence Jokes insulting athiests = nothing Athiesm sounds like the most peaceful option .
To ensure that violence does not turn into another deadly riot ... someone has to take the initiative .
has been imposed in and curfew has been imposed in , KG Halli and area after violence broke out over social media post on Please be safe and do n't be panic
When people start getting threat calls following mocking of Hinduism . Liberals : Hindus are the most intolerant lot in the entire world . When violence breaks out following mocking of Islam . Liberals :
What happened in Bangalore in ugly demonstration of medieval intolerance . Don ’ t be silent on organised violence .
Bhartiya Joomla Parta stands for 1.Riots 2.Curfew 3.Internet Ban 4.Section 144 Am I missing some keywords ? Since they are in power it ’ s their routine everywhere.Just divide and Rule whether It is Shaheen Bagh or Ayodhya .
What is the reason behind the violence in Bangalore ?
If a social media post on your prophet offends your sentiments enough to resort to violence , please build stronger sentiments . Be civil in your dissent . I strongly condemn the violence perpetuated by Muslim hooligans in bangalore . Guilty should be punished .
How does making violence in defence to Prophetic ideals make sense ? Could n't they protest peacefully , what they now did is more insulting to than a senseless FB post.Exposing blasphemy by violent ways is mockery to the peace that Islam preaches of .
With a provocative social media post triggering violence in Bengaluru , Telangana Director General of Police M. Mahender Reddy and Hyderabad Police Commissioner Anjani Kumar ,
Many people of my team live in snd around this area . I request all citizen to maintain peace and harmony . Violence is not the answer to anything . Let Police investigate & act firmlt against all instigators of this violence
Any kind of violence should be criminal . But to the ‘ seculars ’ who are trying hard to prove their centrism by rushing to condemn , I request them to also kindly observe how the state & media will deal with this riot and do compare it with Delhi riots .
. taught us to B Accountable of our deeds & establish Justice Hope U will punish the culprit who insulted the Prophet & identify people who instigated the riots God does not do even an atom ’ s weight of injustice
~ This is what we say good Muslim vs bad Muslim . Group of Muslim men forms human chain around a temple in Bengaluru amidst violence
is a shocking orchestrated incident . Urge the people of the city to restrain from any kind of violence . In our oneness lies our peace .Unity will lead us to greatness as a nation .
Karnataka chief minister and , Should not provide any kind of security to mla akhand shreenivas murti since he has refused to file FIR No FIR = No Violence
Incident of violence could have been avoided if police had timely interfered & taken action against Naveen . It has become normal for police to directly use bullets against Muslims . The People who helped police to control mob are now framed for Rioting .
These people are not understanding , this will lead to civil war . They have a wrong assumption that hindus will get silent and see these violence in our Nation Muslims must take initiative to stop violence from their side If they fail then we are left with no choice
What did Hindus do in the first place ? ? Don ’ t have the balls to just only criticise muslims so added us to the list shameful . Tell your party members not to post shitty stuff on social media and M friends to maintain harmony and stop violence . Do that first
No thy are innocent , uneducated as their boss Zameer Ahmed says . Thy does nt know anything apart frm taking money nd initiating violence . nd Goondarao shud answer y in instigating violence . Pls correct typos if required
A group of youths came forward and made sure that miscreants do not vandalise the temple in the area where violence had ensued . They formed a human chain to prevent miscreants from damaging the temple .
Violence broke out in the Eastern part of Bengaluru on Tuesday night over a Facebook message allegedly posted by a relative of Congress MLA Srinivas Murthy on Prophet Mohammad s.a.w ! !
There is no place for violence in society and so for the people who wanted it . Whoever are they does n't matter.A Facebook post can make you to do violence then you have very little knowledge about your religion go study and research about you religion .
Modi ji 's RAM MANDIR triggered Violence & Riots in Bangalore now it will spread whole nation
Violence perpetrators . To use petrol bombs like terrorists . There is no use to talk to such people . Salo should be shot . These jihadis have ruined our country . They do not want India to develop , these people are dirty sewers . They like to live in it .
Just one trigger was required , which they got from a freaking social media post . And they are on the roads practicing VIOLENCE . Huh , Ppl . on news debate are assuring India that these ppl have accepted the verdict .
Yesterday in , peacekeepers once again showed that sent them to this earth only to commit violence and spread hatred in this world .
T - 66 That 's the beauty of India Muslims created human chain to guard a Temple in Bengaluru during violence . Stay calm make peace
KG Halli in Bengaluru , which saw violent riots last night by the goons , was also the site against the CAA and NRC . Like Delhi ’ s Shaheen Bagh , the entire area was blocked off . Actor Naseeruddin Shah had given a speech there .
Another day another news .. this time it 's .. our Prophet ( pbuh ) never incited violence and people trying to stand up for him and defend the religion via violence and riots are prime example of hypocrites .. It 's WRONG and everyone involved should be punished ..
Bangalore has been in flames as violent protests broke out over offensive message posted on social media by a politician . Horrifying scenes emerge from the violence that unleashed yesterday . Will there be no end to these riots ?
So god offended by Facebook post but not by the violence
Violence can not be justified It is just shameful
Now after it 's I think now the govt should wake up and take strong action against rioters , those found guilty mst be punished , everyone is able to see the chanting voices from violence place , the indicates clearly , who the hell ar antisocial elmnts.Jaihind
riots are totally wrong . You have no right to take the law and order in your hands . FB post was hurts a specific community . But violence on that matter is totally wrong . Do n't make it 's Pakistan . If you live in IT City then
`` Their '' Prophet Sahab gets hurt by a facebook post , but do n't hurt by the act of violence by these radical Islamists ? ?
A group of Muslim youth stood in solidarity to protect a Hindu temple from being harmed or damaged during the violence . The video shows tens of young Muslim protestors forming a human chain outside a Hindu temple in Kaval Byrasandra , .
3 killed , 100 others arrested in India after violence erupts over anti-Islam Facebook post : At least three people were killed in India 's IT hub Bangalore after a `` derogatory '' Facebook post about Prophet Muhammad ( PBUH ) sparked riots and resulted in…
Yet to see the FB post that led to the riots in Bangalore . No s , no screenshots . Tried searching on Google , FB & here on Twitter ... Nothing ! ! Regardless of whatever that FB post said ... all that violence , destruction of properties , etc . can not be justified . Never !
I am just here to see who all are condemning and asking questions sitting in atleast their house steps after yesterday night mob violence ! As the on ground burns social media and warriors are suddenly so peaceful and silent
The whole islamic conquest of India and the violence on us that happened , the Malabar riots , direct action day , partition , Godhra , Kashmir , anti-hindu Delhi riots , Bangalore riots , Kamlesh Tiwari , Ayodhya , Kashi , Mathura etc sb yaad rkha jaega .
Its disturbing , desperate attempt to disturb peace . I urge politicians not to take political benefit out of this . violence in any form is unacceptable eshwar in logon ko sadhbuddi dey ! ! sabka maalik ek ! !
Violence is always wrong ! ! ! Dont try to justify it through ine videos . Justifying such acts just shows how downgraded some people have became . No community has got a right to destroy a city as a expression of it 's anger . Violence is always against Mankind ! ! ! !
I do n't know how people come to the conclusion where violence is the answer . The stupidity runs deep and wide across the country .
B'luru violence : 3 killed after police open fire to quell angry mob
It 's really sad to see that while Bangalore is burning , facing unnecessary riots and violence , Saif Ali Khan 's personal life is trending here . Shame .
Bangalore Riots : Shaheen Bagh is seen in Bengaluru . Anti CAA protests saw muslim women radicalised and acting as human shields for Jihadi mobs . The strategy repeats itself in Bengaluru . A warning for rest of India
Condemning holy persons , gods of any community is absolutely wrong but smashing journalists , vandalizing and demolishing public properties , violence against policemen and burning one 's own country in the name of same god is heinous . Be peaceful not `` peacefool ''
JIHADIES must be strictly acted upon : violence and arson not acceptable .
Somebody somewhere said something that very peaceful people didn ’ t like . So they erupt into peaceful violence ....
Not accepted at all , No excuses for violence and hooligism . Highly condemnable , the violence by Muslim hooligans in .Guilty must be brought to book as per law . Shameful !
You speak JAY SHREE RAM and build a temple then you are hurting `` SECULARISM '' ... But you speak ALLAH HU AKBAR and burn anything and everything you see then it 's just a violence including some random mob ...
Woke up this morning to find trending . When you read carefully , it 's just a lot of noise created by RW over mob violence . They want to equate it to the but it did n't flare up .
Violence is not the solution of everything . Talk and enlighten - ನಾವು ಮನುಷ್ಯರು
If you think your Prophet , Ram , or Jesus will be offended by some social media post and will accept your violence as a legitimate response , then it is you who has a very low opinion about your God .
The entire Congress clan is silent over Bengaluru violence . Remember Congressi idiots , people are watching
SDPI leader Muzamil Pasha has been arrested in connection with violence . They are capable & ready always , Are We ?
If someone has made derogatory remarks about Prophet it is very wrong but burning shops N violence is no answer ... File a complaint immediately , ask that Cong MLA to apologize N delete the statement ... Such riots appear more N more Agenda driven now ....
All this is happening in the name of by the `` SingleSource '' and all the pseudo Secular are silent because this type of violence is the part of their strategy . All state must prepare shoot at site plan for this type of violence . Be alert !
The violence resulted in three deaths , 110 arrests , and the injury of 60 police officers .
निशाना कहीं और है । were planned . 1000+ People gathered within few minutes with Petrol bomb & weapons . FB Post was just an excuse to show frustration of Ram Mandir . SDPI leader Muzamil Pasha has been arrested in connection with violence .
keep peace do nt retort to violence . Do nt take law into ur hands dont take the violentpath.Practicepeace , resolve issues through harmony , nt by burning up a house of some1 who has a writes derogatoryly on the prophet practice tolerance this shud nt b a way 2react
Dear Muslim brothers stop violence , you see only RAMA In Hindus so only we are silent
Govt who holds the power to maintain law and order are responsible if any violence takes place .. In delhi in was BJP In it is BJP .
Our Prophet ( PBUH ) asked for those that passed insulting comments to be pardoned , he never called for violence . Silence is not weakness . Shameful .
teaches that 's why they always do but Sanatan follows -violence that 's why they go to
Such a peaceful protest for a social media post ? Why is tolerating arson and violence at this scale ?
Rising in India , and absolute murder of freedom of speech ! People took to violence in on a Facebook post ! Do people resort to violence when everyday mocks and tweets `` Bloody Diwali '' ? ?
Mr. Furquan , try to teach the Democrit rights of each Citizens to the Police through media . Everyone is equal infront of the Law . And Muslims are not into Violence but it 's all due to the Inaction of police and covering the ass of MLA 'S nephew .
If you can promote the flood of posts about Delhi riots and express your fear regarding freedom of expression or minorities being molested and if you ca n't post about the same violence grabbing the city of Bangalore . Problem begins with you .
what exactly was the post that led to violence ?
Religious Fanaticism Is One That Still Ails This World Be A , Read : THE PLAGUE : Novel by Albert Camus
This bitch did n't tweet a single tweet condemning the banglore violence , all she tweeted was about how they faked of protecting a temple.And we have this type of biased pshyco journalists in our country.Jee kartha hai seedha tokh du
is a well planned start to cause violence throughout the country ahead of independence day . Tomorrow any hacker from China/Pak will post something on fb using an Indian account & will cause riots here ! There is a larger conspiracy here that needs investigation !
Riots Banglore police even attacked the team of India today journalists who gathered at the spot of violence after a relative of congress MLA Akhanda Srinivas Murthy ’ s , P. Naveen , posted a communal and derogatory post on social media about Prophet Muhammad .
Do n't call it riot . Do n't call it mob violence . It 's a planned terrorist attack . Mob is the new weapon of terrorists .
An “ offensive ” Facebook post incited violence in parts of Bengaluru on Tuesday night . Here ’ s all you need to know about the events that unfolded . ( 1/3 )
All the bloodshed , violence and rioting because someone said something about a sick hallucinatory person who ’ s been dead for 1400 years ? Or is it just a trigger of the communal divide ? How stupid can religious people be ?
At least three people were killed in India 's IT hub Bangalore after a derogatory Facebook post sparked riots . The report stated that the violence erupted after a close relative of a local lawmaker made a derogatory post about Prophet Muhammad ( PBUH ) on social media .
God does n't get offended it 's their followers do irrespective of religion . Violence in a pandemic wow.There r much better things to do in life thn take offense over a SM post . If we want peace we need to grow up as a responsible society .
bangaloreriots
Bangalore Riots : Shaheen Bagh is seen in Bengaluru . Anti CAA protests saw muslim women radicalised and acting as human shields for Jihadi mobs . The strategy repeats�
Stop equating a FB post and the violence caused by the mob . The FB Post didn ’ t cause anyone or anything physical harm , the mobsters did ! !
How can a violence be a part of negotiation ? More than Hundreds of mob has attacked MLA 's house , pleated stones , burnt down police station , ablaze vehicles just for a derogatory comment made by MLA 's relative . A thread-
The secret of Bengaluru violence . Watch full video on YouTube :
Show me a tweet where a prominent Muslim handle , justifying the violence and I will leave for the day .
it is all planned violence . How these . many people gathered to create violence
Congress is justifying violence !
It is quite evident how a section of people are intolerant . A mere fb post lead to religious violence . Still , some people have different sort of spectacles . This post is not related to Bangalore 's peaceful violence .
What can we talk about such sick and cheap ppl like . He does not have guts to condemn public violence just for his vote bank . How low can go . That is the reason you ppl are vanishing .
This asshole should be treated such way that he can never k up anything in his hands , every penny for the public loss incurred should be collected from him . Still of lessons are not learnt very soon these violence becomes common
This is true he did and do violence , target
Mob violence can never be acceptable , no matter the provocation . Everyone who participated in the must face the law . It is equally important that this incident is not communalised . For a certain party , every tragedy is an opportunity !
Resorting to violence , arson and vandalism in the name of faith has to stop . No faith supports the above . Totally condemnable .
show how violence perpetrated as reaction to a Facebook post induces the reaction from secular liberals to share a video of Muslims protecting a temple . FROM WHO ? Guess who will be called intolerant by liberals ? Modiji . Shame !
Discuss protecting temple , ignore the violence . Discuss Kalam , ignore Kasab . Discuss Shaheen bagh , ignore Delhi riots . Discuss poverty of Burhan wani , ignore he was a terrorist . They always find a way to hide their j ! had .
Bangalore riots : Bengaluru Violence : Naveen arrested nephew of Congress MLA accused of posting objectionable on social media – derogatory facebook post accused naveen arrested in bengaluru violence
So God gets offended by Facebook post and not by the violence ? Ridiculous !
Bangalore Riots : Violence erupted in Bangalore over Facebook posts ! | Facebook Post | MLA
Bangalore violence updates So far 145 people got arrested BSY Govt decided to follow UP and have the rioters to pay for the loss ...
View of the completely gutted office premises of MLA Akhanda Srinivas Murthy , adjacent to his house in Kavalbyrasandra and adjoining areas damaged in the violence in .
The seemingly organized violence in an otherwise safe city like at is unacceptable . The miscreants need to be rounded up & brought to book at the earliest . Inciting riots & then forming human chains do n't square up
Totally unacceptable said `` Do not cause Harm , Nor respond Harm with Harm ''
Waking up to the story . So horrible ! Violence over a FB post but yes , now we will get to hear all kinds of stories about Islamaphobia and how these are in fact poor victims .
Karnataka Home Minister said the govt . will recover losses to public property bcz of in Bangalore on Tuesday from those responsible for rioting . No one shd be allowed to take law & order in hand.There 's a way to raise concern & violence is definitely not that way
were planned . 1000+ People gathered within few minutes with Petrol bomb & weapons . FB Post was just an excuse to show frustration of Ram Mandir . SDPI leader Muzamil Pasha has been arrested in connection with violence . They are capable & ready always , Are We ?
Bangalore Riots : Jihadi template from Delhi Riots and Shaheen Bag—Women and children will be used as human shields .
- BARBARIC ! ! These hooligans must get PUNISHED ! Such VIOLENCE ca n't have any EXCUSE ! Highly Condemnable & Disturbing ! !
Violence breaks out in east Bengaluru over ‘ derogatory post ’ against Prophet Mohammed , Cong MLA ’ s home attacked
IMAGINE all this VANDALISM , VIOLENCE & POLICE STATION set on FIRE in by a HINDU mob . From NDTV to AlJazeera and INC to OIC , liberals to JNU all these hypocrite scums might be ranting about HINDU RASHTRA , FASICM . But now they wo n't utter a word on this .
Every incidence of VIOLENCE benefit MAZHAB . They create terror in the hearts of KAAFIRS and KAFFIRS start fleeing from the target area selling their property to the PEACEFUL Community at throw away prices .
I wrote this during December 2019 violence but applies equally today to . Also : if you are justifying killings due to a social media post , you are the problem . Government must take hard action -- there is no space for violence , period .
muslims come out from their junk & old mentality on Prophet Mo . Change their attitude on cartoons , tures of Islamic figures . Change is the only constant otherwise islam will keep commit suicide in these violence .
It was a well planned attack . Our security has been compromised . Bangalore needs a CM like Yogi Adityanath . I am pretty much sure that this violence wo n't be reported by International media .
stop this nonsense ... stop violence on the name of God ...
Peaceful violence by peaceful people .
Rioting in Bangalore is wrong . It is goin to take some special restraint from the minorities to not give in to the constant provocation by the majority . Remember 1 misstep and it pushes ur cause backward by 10 . Do NOT indulge in violence - it hurts ur own ppl more
Are you seeking answers to - then you need to watch this 30 min analysis by who is an expert on Islamic violence - Bangalore Violence No Different from Delhi via
It 's funny how they ignored the fact that they started the violence .
The war cry explained every bit of it . Don ’ t let your political angle turn into violence , your masters are just using you ! ! Burning down peoples hard-earned money won ’ t gon na benefit you either . Hoping for everyones safety .
I totally condemn the Bangaluru incident . This'nt way India is a religious nation who only knows to fight on religion they are not fighting for truth , women , humanity . I dont know which religion allows them to fight or riots No religion support violence .
What is the problem in quoting the verses of Quran ? Should it be kept in secret as it is full of violence and filthiness !
it 's a message for `` So Called Secular , liberals . Last night in Bangalore a large violence .
So many movies have been made and showed bad things about hindu gods . But hindus never came out and never did violence or destroyed the property . So for Hindus it 's a wake up call .
Violence is no justification for intolerance !
Bangalore Riots : Shaheen Bagh is seen in Bengaluru . Anti CAA protests saw muslim women radicalised and acting as human shields for Jihadi mobs . The strategy repeats itself in Bengaluru . A warning for rest of India .
The violence in Bangalore was triggered by an objectionable Facebook message posted alleged by a Congress MLA ’ s relative . The rioting & assault on policemen has been condemned by politicians and members of civil society .
Karnataka : Violence breaks out in over alleged derogatory Facebook post
Bangalore : Violence Live update some photos here uploaded
Good tactics , from closed walls of Mosque , spread hatred and unleash violence and then release video on Social Media for peace
Whenever Islamic lynch mob does violence , Congress defends it .. Blames BJP , RSS and Hindutva for fueling tension . Today a Congress MLA 's house has been attacked by Islamists and all BJP supporters are supporting Congress MLA .
Prophet Mohammed ( PBUH ) always given the example of mercy and humanity . The people who r involved in violence can ’ t be true follower of him . They must be punished . Maintain peace and harmony in our society .
founded Islam as a peaceful religion but various interpretation of Quran & misuse by clergy has made it synonyms with violence , intolerance , Jihad etc If a single FB post could create then what about vandalism of hindu idols by Islamic invaders
. : We are issuing a statement on the loreRiots condemning the mob violence & police excesses , and calling upon people , police and media to uphold Constitutional values and respecting each others ' religions .
That 's the beauty of India . Muslims created Human chain to gaurd and protect a TEMPLE in during violence.Stay silent , calm and make peace
What kind of protest is it ? Why the mob did n't wait for proper investigation ? Is there any conspiracy behind it ?
So killing innocent on name of religion is saving religion . 3 killed and over 60 policeman are are injured . God never support violence Shameful act by these terrorists
Are people 's sentiments in so fragile that you have to resort to communal violence ?
Violence .. violence .. and ... violence , I do n't know when the people of our country will get evolved as a human being ? When they will think something beyond their religion , caste , creed , etc ? Do n't you guys ( who leads such kind of riots ) feel pathetic ? Like ever ....
Long ago an article was published in on the same God by a Muslim . Same response , same style , same violence , same way . Zero Progress .
Do not resort to violence under any provocation , we can not afford rioting in this dismal pandemic . Lives lost is unfortunate , steer clear of trouble .
Violence is not the answer , we must proceed through the legal way .
SDPI leader Muzammil Pasha arrested for organizing and instigating violence Ban SDPI which is an political outfit of Radical PFI .
A Muslim mob went on a rampage and unleashed extreme violence in Bengaluru on Tuesday evening over a Facebook post that was allegedly derogatory to Prophet Mohammad .
shows was pre-planned and ... we condemn , violence not acceptable and intolerant rioters must get punishment and ji kindly recover damages also from these barbarians
were planned . 1000+ People gathered within few minutes with Petrol bomb & weapons . was just an excuse to show frustration of Ram Mandir . SDPI leader Muzamil Pasha has been arrested in connection with violence . They are capable & ready always , Are We ?
Why was Swara bhaskar not arrested for inciting violence in Delhi riots ? ?
| Residence of Congress MLA Akhanda Srinivasamurthy was attacked last night , as violence broke out in Bengaluru over an alleged inciting social media post . Section 144 imposed in entire city .
We muslims never support the violence , we support the peace , but we wo n't tolerate the single word against our prophet , because our soul and conscience is still alive , We belive in constitution of INDIA .
Bengaluru violence : Muslim youths form human chain to protect Hanuman temple via
These situations should become the turning point for the hindu mindset of peacefulness and tolerance . By the way i am not supporting any violence but how many hindu 's protested for palghar lynching or showed the same form of anger ? NO 1 right .
Prophet asked for those that passed insulting comments to be pardoned , he never called for violence . You can not offend me and my Prophet through a facebook post or trend .
These `` M-class '' people only understand the language of violence & vandalism . They 've done it in all other states and now trying to disrupt the peaceful Bangalore . In addition to taking stringent action on them , such people should be kicked out to Pakistan .
Violence Erupts In Bengaluru : 2 Dead As Irate Muslim Mob Angered By A Facebook Post Attempt To Burn Down Congress MLA Srinivas Murthy ’ s House
Bangalore Riots : Shaheen Bagh is seen in Bengaluru . Anti CAA protests saw muslim women radicalised and acting as human shields for Jihadi mob . strategy repeats itself in Bengaluru . A warning for rest of India , this model is unrolling across India
Prophet Mohammed do n't allowed such violence against those who said many derogatory words when he was alive so not now also You do n't understand Islam and Prophet Mohammed who popularly known as Rahmatullilalemin peace for all mankind
When Shaheen Bagh model is the new normal in our country . Then be it DELHI or BANGALORE , the riots would be justified by the Darra hua community .
I strongly condemn d violence But I equally condemn d role of police in controlling d situation n delaying d process of filing a complaint against d offender Those blaming need to understand there patience was `` tested '' by askng them to move on wid talks .
A % ^ * H * & E makes fun of 59 dead Hindu pilgrims of Gujarat , makes fun of Shri Ram and Maa Sita and Hindus in a civilized way lodge an FIR . In contrast the PEACEFUL Community shows true colours with incessant brutal violence
Violence is not the solution and will never be . If your sentiments are hurt , take legal action against those who are the main culprit . What 's the point in destroying public property and creating chaos in the city ?
Communal violence is communal violence and the riots in Bangalore are unacceptable . More and more reasons for saying religion indeed is the death of humanity . But where there are violent mobs there are selfless human chains made too . Hope we come out better .
If they gave Abusive word for Prophet then protest peacefully , violence is not right path . Stop Terrorism
Pre-planned violence by pees-fool community ( islamic pigs ) in Bangalore is utterly shocking and abhorrent . please take a strong action against the islamic goons .
So their god getting offended by the tweets and encouraging them for violence ? ?
The people who are now tweeting that violence is not the right thing Or . Its not right violence makes you wrong . Or . violence is not justified . Violence blah blah on Bangalore riots .. Most of them were moan or silent on Delhi riots .
Section 144 has been imposed in Banglore , curfew has been imposed in DJ Halli and KG Halli police station limits after violence broke out in the area
There would be no discussion on the issue of radicalization . No Dalit leader will even squeak that the MLA is a Dalit and such behavior shows how Dalits are victims of Islamic violence . There will be no discussion on freedom of speech and rather Hindus will be
Seems like a global trend , just hope at least the Nigerians are spared of the `` sermons '' about peace by the peacefuls after indulging in all kinds of violence .
Perfect example of what is good at - Inciting violence and communal hatred . Dalit MLA ’ s nephew makes a social media post . Muslims burn his house . But who is blamed ? Hindu-Muslim relations !
Nothing at all can justify this violence by this `` so called '' peace loving radicals : punish them .
Using religion to incite violence , vandalize property , attack police officers and media personnel condemnable . This is not the Bangalore I grew up in . This city was known for its secular harmony . A sad day for the city .
Pre-planned violence by peaceful community in Bangalore is utterly shocking n abhorrent . This riots scripted by so called liberals and tukre tukre gang . Arrest
So apparently in India Secularism is the duty of Hindus and all others can practice intolerance and violence . Secularism is a well constructed lie
Bengaluru Police arrest Congress MLA Akhanda Srinivasa Murthy ’ s nephew Naveen for sharing a “ derogatory ” post on social media purportedly on a communal issue that triggered violence late last night
Ban and After the Delhi Anti- Hindu riots , Shaheen Bagh and what has conspired since , the govt must have enough evidence against these jihadi org . These org should be banned ASAP !
I condemn d & in last night . Perpetrators & rioters all MUST b arrested & brought to w/o further delay . For d rest of my fellow citizens , let ’ s consciously NOT stereotype ANY community on d basis of arrests .
One incident and the whole happiness of celebrating has turned into grief and violence
No excuses for any sort of violence . The violence by Muslim hooligans in are highly condemned . No place for religious extremism . All who are guilty must be prosecuted as per law . Shameful ! !
DJ Halli , along with Tannery Road , Shampura , Davis Road , Frazer Town and Coles Park are one of the most sensitive areas in Bengaluru city . The majority of the population in these localities are Muslims . The Bilal Bagh area in DJ Halli had become the anti-CAA
Exactly my point is . From what they are protecting temples ? is an example of the baseless and nonsense activity of violence by a small group of people who blindly believe anything .
Mujammil Pasha , Dist Secy of SDPI , the kingpin behind the violence has been arrested . Ayaz another volunteer is also reportedly arrested
All liberty will remain silent and defend this community . They are busy Circulating temple defending chain- Good , but circulate those clip too where they killed innocent people . Instigating violence .
One social media post has burnt the city . Do we really need this ? Silence still holds big than violence Totally shameful .
Violence is shameful But joke on Prophet is not acceptable .
Breaking : 2 Dead , Dozens Injured , Over 100 Arrested As Violence Breaks Out In Bengaluru Over Facebook Post Police said they have arrested the person who had posted the derogatory post on Facebook that sparked violent protests In Bengaluru .
Vehicles torched , houses destroyed , police station attacked . 1000 's of violent jihadi mobs destroyed public properties in hrs . What 's the catalyst behind violence ? Are the forces behind this engineered violence radicalising & driving community towards medieval era ?
`` Muslims created human chain to guard a Temple in during violence '' . From whom ? ? ?
A Strong message & a strict law by our government & needed for this kind of Riots & Violence . Enough of exhibition of their tolerance & peacefulness by this community not any more .
Rahat Indori Shayari : Tribute To Legendary Poet |Sanjay Dutt Lungs Cancer |Bengaluru Violence | Link Please Watch Full Video Are Share
Violence Hatred Intolerance Disaster These disturbing images takes away faith from humanity
Wherever there are Sanghis in power , there will always be riots , violence & destruction .
Muslim Mobs started violence for a social media post in Bengaluru . Imagine what if Sadhus from all over India came to attack the mobs of Palghar Lynching . You ca n't even imagine . Is this the Secularism you teach us ? Shame on you MUSCLEMANS
It 's look like pre planned same like Very sad to see violence in Green city of india My Prayers for the banglore
Pre-planned violence created in peaceful community in Bangalore this is shocking plz consider this person
KG Halli in Bengaluru , which saw violent riots last night by the goons , was also the site of Bilal Bagh protests against the CAA and NRC . Like Delhi ’ s Shaheen Bagh , the entire area was blocked off . Actor Naseeruddin Shah had given a speech there .
3 Dead In As Violence Breaks Out Over Facebook Post . WTF is going on ? Even during , riots in bangalore .
For those who are saying Bangalore Violence was instigated by a fb post which insulted prophet , are the same people who kept their mouth shut when Hindu and Hinduism was insulted during a political protest of CAA on the name of freedom of speech
Disheartening to see this ! ! An FB post turned into Riot Violence is NOT a Solution should have gone Legally like what issue in TN & justice won . I pray God for Peace & Harmony in our Country & all be Forever
Violence . Burns . Not a good sign . Life is unpredictable . Life is precious . Let 's spread love and peace for a better world .
Expecting non - violence from muslims is just like expecting love from your crush ! It a rare thing lol Strict action should be taken against mobsters , no matter from what religion they belong too
Any inhuman person creating violence in the name of religion should be punished .
Hindu who kill in name of Gauraksha and Muslim who burned police station for a facebook post both are same . . They are not protecting any religion , They are just fulfilling their desire of violence and riots
In a country like India when something is said against the Gods of majority people the so called seculars and libtards ask people to take it in a right spirit and exercise restraint on the other hand the same people do n't speak a word on the violence in bangalore .
How easily people unleash violence in the name of fake religionism . These are not riots , a complete mindset rather .
1 . With this bizzare logic from the CONgress leader , Hindus should take the path of violence every time their god and goddesses are insulted . 2 . The FB post was from a relative of CONgress MLA Akhanda Srinivas Murthy . Was planned by CONgress ?
Coming across reports of mob violence and riots in Bangalore . Not much on the news but or from official sources , what 's happening ? !
Jihadi now wants to burn Bangalore like Delhi which has a name in IT in the world . People of this community send obscene photos of Hindu Gods and Goddesses . If there was any problem , they could protest . But these jihadis enjoy violence .
Only person today frm the Liberal LW cabal to have spoken against the Violence by Muslims unflinchingly unapologetically without any justification . Let 's see if she cld maintain the streak . aaj *
why violence they should approach authorities and action should be taken .. if the same thing done by hindus then it would intolerence , torture on minorities etc etc .. lets see how much media attention it gets ..
Violence exploded on controversial social media post in Bengaluru , Section 144 forced- 2 killed and 110 injured via
I ssly hope he gets severely punished for creating this whole mess and also should pay for the loss of properties etc . Ppl needs to get this straight that violence is no way acceptable , if u donot agree with any post or opinion , bttr ignore or take it up legally .
People who riot and burn over a social media post or hateful messages are dangerous cannon fodder . Communities must build a natural defense against those among them who will take to violence/arson at a mere trigger . is not just a blot but also a dangerous model .
SDPI =RSS . Ban them . So god is offended by an FB post and not by violence ?
Delhi riots and now Bangalore riots.First you start violence and when the government takes action then play the victim card.Sickular parties and Lutyens media then come forward with some narrative and try to cover up the misdeeds.What is happening in this country - No rule of law
145 people arrested till now in connection with violence in Bengaluru over an alleged inciting social media post : Sandeep Patil , Joint Commissioner of Police ( Crime ) Bengaluru ( file )
Muslims Form Human Chain to Guard Temple in DJ Halli After Bengaluru Violence New Age Islam
Violence in bangalore over an alleged social post is desable and to be condemned . The guilty have to be booked under strong provisions as a deterrent . No one can be allowed to take law into their hand .
Facebook Post > > Violence Seriously ?
I dont have any words for these riots or how to explain it , but one thing is for sure that violence is never never right thing to do against anything , just one thing ki taali sirf ek haath se nahi bajti , both the sides are to be held questionable
I can see why people hate the Cong old guard . This tweet shd have ended at punishment . You do n't need to interject disclaimers and softners to condemn violence and rioting – whether the perpetrators are Hindu or Muslim .
Why does the riot happen in only BJP ruled states.Earlier in Delhi and now in Bangaluru. ? How long this insanity will continue ? Why are some leaders instigating violence and hatred ? Let leave us to live in peace !
Irrespective of Hindu or Muslim , anyone who causes violence because of something someone said , is a terrorist . It 's basically the definition of terrorism . Yet our nation has a dishonorable tradition of placating terrorists and punishing victims .
They make fun of our Hindu Gods but our Hinduism does n't teach to do such violence . But I know what Allah tought you about peace this is result Their book is full of violence .
Violence broke out in Pulakeshinaga , Banglore after an angry mob of more than 1000 people relating to a specific peaceful community , outraged over a post
The Bangalore riot has all the hall marks of pre planned Islamist mob violence . If the issue was the post abusing Mohammed , why burn down a police station ? How do hundreds of muslim men gather at a moments notice armed with stones/knives/molotovs ? There is an unspoken rule ..
That 's the beauty of India Muslims created human chain to protecting a Temple in during violence .
That 's the beauty of India Muslims created human chain to guard a Temple in during violence . Those who incited and perpetrated the must be found , arrested & given exemplary punishment .
Section 144 imposed in entire city . 110 arrested ! ! What should n't just be happening is now so commonly happening . Sad on a day .
Residence of Congress MLA Akhanda Srinivasamurthy was attacked last night , as violence broke out in Bengaluru over an alleged inciting social media post . Section 144 imposed in entire city . Curfew imposed in DJ Halli and KG Halli police station limits .
It 's terrible , why violence in the name of islam , why so much destruction in the name of a religion
If the tweet is blamed for inciting violence then the same logic should be applied to the comedians who incited the ire with their offensive jokes !
Violence is not the way but anything defaming or insulting will not be accepted . Legal action should be taken against the culprit for such derogatory post
The smarter thing , would be to put some sense and civility into the marauding fanatic mob , than this superficial photo-op display . This is akin to attackers , first trying to incite violence and then appealing for peace .
I ca n't even begin to imagine the amount of propaganda and fake news godi media will come up with . This was just what they needed . Since BJP came to power , we 've seen communal riots and violence like never before .
Violence is condemnable . Burning/ damaging public properties by taking law into own hands by a particular community is setting up a bad precedent . The leaders of this peaceful community must apologise or face the consequences of law .
Eyes are opened after 15hrs of violence ! ! WOWWWWW ! !
Great ! Another bloody act of violence in the name of religion . Ask your God for once , what he thinks about this ? He 'd shun this act of brutality . It 's important to remember , `` Two wrongs do n't make a RIGHT '' ! ! !
Really a very terrible incident . This is so wrong , destruction of public properties and resorting to violence is unacceptable . Strict measures needs to be taken against culprits . Nobody can destroy and vandalise properties and should get away with it .
Bangalore riots were planned because it ’ s a Hindu Holy festival of Sri krishna ! Violence is how the ideology entered India in the first place and continues !
You have the audacity to equate actual violence in and social media posts ?
Hindus and Muslims have condemned the violence , and some blame religious fundamentalism , the media , and politicians for inciting it .
Kaval Byrasandra area in Bangalore has witnessed communal violence which was sparked by an innocuous FB post by a Congress MLA 's kin about the Prophet . The MLA 's house , local P. S. were set on fire , 200 cars & other vehicles were burnt . A Delhi type riots by peacefuls .
60 cops injured , more than 100 arrested for arson & assault on police , Sec 144 imposed . We are not ready to see shaheen bagh scenes again . Jail all of them .
The police have recovered CCTV footages which allegedly showed that the Muslim leader was distributing money to rioters ahead of the violence . The CCTV footage indicates that the attacks against the police station were a pre-planned act as the rioters were
Muslims form human chain to save temple amid Bengaluru violence-
An offensive post against Islam is enough to justify violence in ? Every other day a derogatory song or statement is made on some Hindu community beliefs ! ! tweeted `` Bloody Diwali '' , distorted the pure `` Radha '' character in movie !
The Prophet ( SAW ) went to check on the health of a lady who used to throw garbage on him . That 's the kind of man he was . That 's the kind of sabr he had . Violence is not justifiable in any way . Our religion is not weak enough to crumble under an fb post . Shame .
God never gets offended by a but his blind and sentimental followers do . But God surely does get offended by the violence of his followers . The are just a shameful act of violence in the name of religion .
An educated youngster and his views on Like I said earlier , using violence as a negotiating factor is considered a legitimate move ....
. In the violence and rioting case , so far 30 accused arrested . Arrest still going on .
In the context of Replugging my piece , written by me earlier this year on Delhi riots - The price society pays for violence is immeasurable and enormous
Just imagine , they say they are scared now , if after being scared they are doing such horrible things what will they do if they are not sacred , violence erupted in today exposes the true face of tolerance brigade again . Shame on them .
Atleast good thing on i saw is people are condemning this violence and arson and riots of bangalore and police has arrested that muslim leader pasha ...
The violence in & the objectionable/offensive social media posts are highly condemnable . I appeal to everyone involved to not indulge in violence . I hope peace is strengthened
CNN-News18 's speaks to Nagaraj ( Driver of MLA Akhand Srinivasa Murthy 's brother ) on the violence that broke out last night . Head to for all your latest news updates :
Yes mob violence is a bad thing and should never happen and is not the answer for anything . Interesting to see people who supported the Chief Gujarat 2002 riots architect and Delhi rioters are now condemning
Is Cong worried about Swapna Suresh revelations against Anti Nationals who helped Traitors ? The hatred must have promoted violence by using Divine sentiments . Our kids must involve to save all by uniting to take strong actions against Anti Nationals now . Safety .
Our 60days of fight against whole govt system . No violence . Not even abusive word . We stayed home this pandemic . One post and City burning . Vandalism and deaths . Not possible without politics support . Get rid of system backing Criminals .
I always said that social media is main tool of hatred where anti social and anti national elements are active . Weak cyber laws are responsible for this type of violence .
Violence in over a derogatory post by close relative of MLA Akhanda Srinivas Murthy . Vehicles burnt , stones pelted , situation still tense in Pulakeshinagar .
Vigilantes must be punished when this can happen to an MLA there is a huge possibility that it will happen to any man who makes a joke . please say violence it 's not just a riot
Thanks to the downside of social media . Be it rage or hatred , the spread is huge . Social Media Control over hate speech and violence is now a much needed step towards peace .
The fb post over which Muslim terrorists unleashed violence in Bangalore was about muhammad and his 6 year old wife aisha - the post suggested that muhammad was a rapist . It comes straight from Islamic texts ( Sahih Hadith 7.62.88 )
I just saw a video of Muslims creating a human chain to guard a temple in during violence ... But here I 'm not getting what 's happening over ... Then i interpret the scene as ... The scenario is about are trying to destroy the and the Cool
How it can be termed as ? ? ? It 's purely a one sided VIOLENCE against Hindus .
Violence in any form is unacceptable . People should ’ ve confronted the issue legally . Meanwhile trying to be the ambassadors of peace in this issue to get political gain . We know you since Gandhi ’ s assassination so STFU
were planned . 1000+ People gathered within few minutes with Petrol bomb & weapons . FB Post was just an excuse to show frustration of Ram Mandir . SDPI leader Muzamil Pasha has been arrested in connection with violence .
There can be no justification for violence . News of Bangalore riots is deeply disturbing .
A college mate of mine called Ram Mandir a symbol of , `` Violence , Oppression and Injustice '' . Did n't reciprocate to him showing my tolerance . Yesterday riots took place in Bangalore making everything as clear as it could be . आपकी कौम ही महरुम है़ं बस !
Got answers to all of these questions today : - - Who is Intolerant ? - Who does Violence ? - Who is Peaceful ? - Who is Dara Hua ? - Who is Prosecuted ? - Who respects the Constitution ? - Who is Inhuman and Brainwashed ?
a violent and intolerant muslim mob destroyed public property attacked police chanting `` ALLAH HU ALBAR '' in b'lore y'day . This slogan has become a war cry terrorist organisations like ISIS to these rioters use this slogan to create violence around the world .
Whenever hindus protest , they do it within the arena of law . Why muslims follow the path of aggressive violence everytime ? All they have learnt is stone pelting , fire , violent attack . they create hatred for themselves
Big shame and disappointed . I condemn this violence . All should be punished .
A communal government will always see riots because they have normalised communal violence so much . The violence in Bangalore can not be justified and definitely never over a Facebook post .
Violence in the name of our prophet who prayed for his persecutors to be pardoned offends Islam more than a post on Social media
Why violence , terrorism and riots are always linked to one particular religion ?
How God gets offended by Facebook post and not by the violence ? Will the pseudo liberals , gang , gang and condemn riots ?
Whatever may be the reason violence is not the right way of protest . Who will be held responsible for the three deaths . Karnataka government should take a cue from UP government and defame the rioters and put their posters at major roads .
Hope , atleast after seeing what happened in Bangalore o n August 11 , people will realise truth behind Delhi violence . It was a planned anti hindu riot
Are n't so librandus and other so called peace endorsers SCARED for future generations after Bangalore violence ? I do n't see preaching now ?
Aap Chronology Samjhiye : Bangalore is Shaheen Bagh 2.0 Scapegoat will be Someone from BJP-RSS The Butchered will be Hindus The Blamed will be Hindus
Curfew has been imposed in parts of that witnessed largescale violence and arson on Tuesday night . A communal social media post by a relative of a Congress MLA triggered massive protests in the city
Threw his own mla under the bus n justifying violence .. Thats y very difficult to trust them to run this country
If your God is offended by a facebook post and not by violence then probably you are n't preaching the God above but the one below !
Bengaluru violence by Minority community only for a social media post . Here , we see Anti Hindu content mocking Hindu gods & goddesses almost everyday , & still Hindus r called intolerant by so called Liberals & Intellectuals , & leftists give us lectures on tolerance .
Kannadigare , please , do n't instigate any violence . has never seen any religious riots , let it not happen now . Let 's all resolve issues peacefully . Please I beg you
That post was WRONG But mob violence for that ? Burning public property ? Spoling lives of Innocent people ? & what is same start happening after all wrong post n comments ? Everyday dere would b Violence That person was wrong , deal wid him why violence
First it was Delhi , now it is Banglore ! Therefore , it is time to be vigilant and supportive to the government in dealing with these criminal elements Also , we must condemn all such form of violence which generates from either rumours or are organised in nature
Social media has become a venomous weapon to incite hate and violence . The people behind this should be jailed and they should also be banned from all the social media platforms for life .
If the god is offended by the post he certainly will be offended by the riots and the violence ! Grow up !
Everyone single person involved in violence should arrested and punished .
Violence in Bangalore visited receiving present situation information
Pls guys stop it for God sake . Understand some people deliberately playing with us . Love each other . Stop violence .
Why do these scums get offended so easily ? Why so much insecurity ? And why does the state keeps tolerating their violence ?
Okay . What happened last night in our city is brutal demonstration of peaceful community ’ s sick mentality & bloody thirst for violence . It is evident their deep rooted hate against other religions will be danger to India for ever ..
communal violence by radical islamic group will easily pave way the Hindutva fanatic groups to excessively exaggerate , sensationalize and generalise hatred against muslim community . How STUPID are these people to indulge in violence ?
Hate begets hate ; violence begets violence . It 's time we understand that resorting to violence is pointless . If you 're worried about being a victim , resort to law and not violence . Violence will only make you , people around you and the society more vulnerable .
Peaceful riots by peace lovers . DALIT MLA attacked without involving any violence . See dear dalits ... apna hamesha apna hota hai .... Remember u are pawn of that peaceful society .
Forgiveness is the biggest dharma .. See , how one feather touch can bring violence in our society ..
Bangalore Ke Muslims Ka Zameer Zinda Hain Ka Zameer Sharminda Hain . No excuses for violence and arson ! No , hurt sentiments are not an excuse ! Highly condemnable
Youth of muslim created human chain to guard a Temple in during violence to protect against mob . Yeh hain mera BHARAT Please stay calm make peace
I cn expct Congress leaders to gv moral supprt to them by telling , they are uneducated , they r inncent bt sme ppl used them , violence has no religion , we shd appreciate that they saved temple , they are secular heroes ! C'mon
Yeh toh kar lenge civil war , lad lenge ... Hum kya karenge . They are trained for terrorism and violence since childhood and we have always learnt to tolerate their shit .
These are no 'riots ' , just uncivilised mob violence by ONE community !
We see anti hindu content almost everyday , mocking hindu gods , still hindus are called intolerant , we never pelt stone or do this kind of violence
Nafrat nahi pyar baato .. ! Muslims created human chain to guard a Temple in during violence .
Just one post created big riot in Karnataka 's capital , Several cars , bikes burned out in fire , police station was attacked . MLAs house burned out in fire
Enti mari ee sari ki em plans ? Ye type of terrorism plan chestunnaru ? teaser anamata . What silly reason Note : Do n't equate entire community for thugs whose aim is to create violence . Local Muslims were protecting temples from fire last night .
Social media posts abusing or mocking Hindu deities are routine , yet no Hindu resorts to violence and only recently have they started taking the legal route .
Both the objectionable post n the violence in Bangalore is not acceptable .. Maintain peace , do n't take the law in ua hands ...
Just like Delhi riots . One side was burning , the other pretending to protect in already safe areas . But I tell you , this is the ture that will find a place in newspapers and international press , not the violence .
Does not Belong to Any religion strongly condemn the act
: breaks out over alleged social media post , 2 dead,60 injured and 110 arrested .
It 's not only Muslim fault its dat they respect there religion so well Wt do v do ntg wen someone says anything about our religion no matter it 's or V nver stand for it shame on us The violence is not acceptable they must face the consequences
Interesting to see no secular has condemned it , even those who have condemned it have equated Facebook post and mob violence which attacked a police station and burnt vehicles , and damaged public property .
Delhi anti hindu riots ? ? ? U are already exposed . Now u r not going to win the next elections . Forget it . The riots has exposed u . And people are repenting after electing u . By the way would u like to comment on the violence on dalits in Bangalore .
Violence occurred in Bangalore due to a derogatory Facebook post about Prophet Muhammad .
This is not even close to violence area .. Whom are they trying to fool ... Looks like Mob group and PR group both are different ... we are in 2020 , try different tactics .. these are pretty old ..
@title
When stand-up comedians and these so called peaceful people make jokes on Rama then not a single hindu gets involved in such type of violence . Why always this peaceful community do such things and spread violence ? Pic1- joke on hindu devotees Pic2- joke on Prophet
Beauty of Indian Constitution is that after all this mob violence , the person who will be arrested is the one whose house was burnt because he `` provoked '' ! `` Provocation '' is the bigger crime , Violence the lesser crime .
History has it violence has never been the solution
Now it 's not the time for the blame game . It is important for us to be calm and sensible . Violence and revenge will only result in more agony and misery . I request everyone to be patient and avoid spreading their anger on social media .
Violence has never been a solution of any dispute , people who are vandalizing things and harming and killing other people should be charged with a case of murder , justice should be done .
Today Latest News : Bengaluru violence over facebook post - At least three dead , over 50 cops injured
Two minute silence for those Hindus who thought that change in Govt will bring relief from M violence . Arey MLA apna ghar nahi bacha paya toh tum saadharn nagrik ki kya auqat ?
always condemned violence & preached the to his followers . If you believe that you are one if his followers then why the rage ? Ps.pls do n't attack innocent Muslims who do n't have such thoughts , not all of us are like this .
3 Killed In Police Firing and 60 police personnel injured , In Bengaluru Amid Violence Over Facebook Post . Protesters set many vehicles on fire and surrounded MLA Srinivas Murthy 's house in the city .
Bangalore riots ! ! Another planning for shaheen bagh ? ?
What happened in Bangalore yesterday and in Shaheen bagh and east Delhi earlier is the epitome of Secularism , Liberalism , Freedom of Expression , minority rights and immense love for peace with bomb in the hand for looting and rioting .
case : district magistrate will hold an inquiry home minister So far , 146 people have been arrested for violence .
Violence is not the way forward . Stay Safe Everyone
You just end up maligning your religion when you try to protect it through violence .
Rioters need to be nipped in the bud . Don ’ t allow the violence to spread to other states . We ’ ve seen it all during Shaheen Bagh and JNU violence . It ’ s a pattern . were preplanned as the mob was armed with petrol bombs , rods and other weapons .
How two police stations in Bengaluru became targets of mob violence on Tuesday night . pieces together the timeline of events .
The riots in Bangalore just annoys . Tonnes of them trying to Paint it as communal violence when it ’ s just two parties , both being irresponsible in their approach to religious sentiments . -_-
Ministers R. Ashok and B. Bommai assured the people that those involved in violence will not be spared and those behind the screen will also be exposed and brought to books .
Strange ... Very strange ... This was pre Planned violence by Leftists and some groups ... POLICE must take strict actions against Culprits ...
From morning like is justifying violence in on facebook post . If cow vigilante does violence , then would shout RSS & promoted terrorism , murder of freedom of speech ! why this difference ? ?
Politics and violence in the name of religion should be stopped .
Imagine the power of he social media than can create so much killings and violence just over a post .
Class 8 Hindu minor girl kill self after being Raped in her way to Temple in Dharwad , The culprit was Baseer Mabusab . No violence by majority Hindus . Now thousands of Islamists burning over a Facebook post .
Seeing a lot about the riots in Bangalore . I say arrest all the rioters and also arrest that Naveen for posting shit . And also take action against police who did not take any action when a complaint was made . Do n't know why violence is the only solution for them ! !
Condemn The Violence In Bangalore ... No Reason Can Be Good Enough To Perpetrate Violence and Riots .. You Been Hurt Over Post , Joke Please Approach Court . Strong Action Needs To Be Taken , Unlike Delhi Riots Where Perpetrators Were Let Free . Or This Will Become Regular Affair .
Violence was never the answer of our prophet ( pbhu ) . He always showed love for them who hated and abused him . Best example was journey to taif city of Saudi Arabia , they abused stone pelted whole body was filled with blood , but he never took revenge .
Mob violence can never be acceptable , no matter the provocation , hurt sentiments are not an excuse . Those who incited and perpetrated the must be found , arrested & given exemplary punishment .
Mob violence during a pandemic in one of the worse affected cities in India . Unimaginable !
They will instigate violence , they have done it in past too . Report the instigation immediately to the police rather than taking matters in your hands . No religion is so weak which can be maligned by a petty post . Remember , violence is never an answer or solution .
Violence has to stop and there is no place for it . The incitement against Muslims on media & social media needs to stop . The demonization , abuse and harassment of Muslims needs to stop .
karnataka riots : Bangalore violence : Rampage , sabotage , arson , firing on Facebook post in Bengaluru … know when what happened – bengaluru violence know all about and timeline
Earlier they used to say Mangaluru as a communal violence city but now Bengaluru is becoming a new riots hub . Where are we going ? ? ?
Violence over Prophet 's name is completely against his teachings ! and burning the state over a Facebook post is insane ! Kuch bhi ho raha ye 2020 me
A true follower will never resort to violence .. Because Mohammad sws was a statute of live and compassion . There are 7 qualities Allah admires the most .. One of that qualities is to forgive the ones who make sinse . Say no to violence .
What caused rioting in Bangalore ? Four people were killed , two in police firing and two in widespread violence and arson sparked off by a dispute over a place of worship , in Bangalore on Wednesday night .
Our Prophet ( PBUH ) isn ’ t just insulted and ridiculed today , he dealt with it in his lifetime too . He asked for those that passed insulting comments to be pardoned , he never called for violence . Silence is not weakness . Shameful , just shameful .
Any type of vandalism and violence at the name of religion is not justifiable , Govt should take proper action against culprits .
Yes conducting violence against a stupid remark is bad but shooting protesters down citing destruction of property is bullshit
Human chain by Muslims to protect Hindu temples from the mob . OR Well planned PR after the violence to improve their image and control the damage ?
It was Bangalore police who is responsible for not taking immediate action against that moron who posted derogatory post on Fb and then the violence took placed .
r nothing but dress rehearsal for upcoming riots all over India on 15th August . Be prepared they will find a reason for justifying violence in the name of protest & will burn ur neighborhood . sir pls tk this seriously else rioters wl roam free .
Religious extremism is the real pandemic . The violence by hooligans in proves religious fanaticism is a scourge in all communities . No excuses for violence & arson ! GO & GET SOME BRAIN PEOPLE
Bangalore violence full video Watch it
So Allah gets offended by a Facebook post but not by the violence ?
Absolutely right , violence and arson should not be justified by any means .
organized Muslim mob went out of control in Bengaluru over alleged derogatory Facebook post on Prophet Muhammad by a close relative of Pulakeshinagar 's Congress MLA . Violence by Muslim hooligans in proves religious fanaticism > >
Normally one does not associate riots with the city of Bengaluru . The peaceful metropolitan has been the hub of Bharat ’ s software industry as much due to its climate and talent pool , as due to the lack of violence and unrest that sometimes affects many
Disturbing footage from Bangalore last night . Those involved in the violence must be found and made to face the law . Violence is any form is not acceptable , no matter the provocation . Violence is never okay .
Bengaluru Police Commissioner Kamal Pant rushed to the spot in an attempt to pacify the rioters but efforts yielded no results as mobs continued to indulge in violence .
Nobody is entitled to derogate someone 's belief . Similarly , nobody has the right to violence . Your actions have shifted the focus from the wrong doer to your wrong acts
So God gets offended by a facebook post and not by the violence ? ?
News Hungry Media Outlets did not miss to make 'Breaking News ' of Bengaluru Violence via
It is naive to believe this was n't pre-planned . This is very unfortunate . What Congress MLA 's relative said is wrong and must be condemned . But , violence is not the answer .
Where on Earth did Indian Liberal & Seculars go ? Not able to Find RSS-BJP in Violence huh ? Hello new Brain Dead Breeds , You Proved your Shit Status when you Laughed on Hindu Deities Jokes .
So God gets offended by Facebook & Twitter post and not by the violence ? * MADHARCHOD *
All people and all other whether from cricket fraternity or anyone else do not have any right to condemn any violence when they can not condemn because there wo n't be a bigger hypocrite than you guys
Let me tell you one thing . Violence is not acceptable in Islam .
Words have been the cause of all wars – religious or political wars . Ideology is the root cause of all violence . And now there are people who try to bring peace to the world , and again they create another ideology . - OSHO
What is happening in Bangalore is absolutely wrong and against our ethics and morals . Prophet Muhammad ﷺ dealt with insults and misconducts during his entire lifetime but he never promoted violence .
ISLAM is Religion of peace . ( But I do n't see the validity of this ) No matter how awful the comments are . It 's never an excuse for violence . Your sentiments are n't anyone 's bussiness . Shame .
1 ) They will do violence 2 ) Then they will form Human Chain to protect Hindu Temple Now I am just guessing against whom they were protecting the temple from .
We are all too small to speak anything against Ram or Rahim . This is the time to fight against covid 19 TOGETHER , Not fight among ourselves in the name of religion . Yes , those who have caused this violence for any selfish reasons must be punished .
They did not protect police station They did not protect MLA family They did not protect Hindu homes But made human chain to guard Temple in violence . From a mob .... Which mobb ? ? ? They r expert in photo-op for fake news n building narratives .
Communal Violence in that 's happen Because of Pulakeshinagar MLA Akhand Srinivasa Murthy 's nephew put up sensitive post on is.3 people died more than 100 people arrested & 60 police personnel wounded .
No one can hurt your religious sentiments until you allow them to . Believe in the act of goodness . This violence is inexplicable . Insanity !
Charred vehicles , shards of glass from broken windows , stones and bricks lie strewn over the deserted roads of the violence-affected localities .
Violence broke out last night in Pulakeshinagar after an angry Muslim mob , disturbed over a derogatory post uploaded on social media by a relative of MLA Akhanda Srinivasa Murthy on Tuesday night , went on a rampage .
Islam is the most intolerant religion ; worldwide , their deadly violence is witnessed be it on comments , satire or humour on the prophet ; just goes to prove their insecurity & intolerance levels . It 's known as ’ peaceful religion ’ , can not fathom the meaning !
It 's mindless & juvenile to riot over a face book post . The degree of arson and vandalism is unacceptable . Burning down police station & police vehicles is horrendous . This instigated violence should be put down with an iron hand .
I am bookmarking this tweet ... Hurting sentiments is not a justification for violence .
110 people have been arrested in connection with the violence that broke out in Bengaluru over an alleged inciting post : Sandeep Patil , Joint of Police ( Crime )
That 's the beauty of India Muslims created human chain to guard a Temple in during violence . Stay calm make peace
Until u knw ur enemy , cant win Even in riot they plan everything so perfectly Be it shaheen bagh , riots they definitely shoot something for PR journists Hatsoff 2 their continuous effort frm decade And hindu just abuse bjp
Pls arrest this person spreading hate and violence
Visuals from Bengaluru 's DJ Halli Police Station area where violence broke out over an alleged inciting social media post . Two people died & around 60 police personnel sustained injuries in the violence in , according to Police Commissioner Kamal Pant .
Mob violence due to post on Social Media by relative of . DJ Halli Police station , police vehicles , houses , cars , scooters , media attacked.Ensure arrest all and file cases to recover cost of damages from the rioters .
Disturbing Visuals from Bangalore , Ca n't Imagine this Happened in my bangalore City Which is Called for decency , Those involved in the violence must be found and made to face the law . Culprits Should be Punished . Violence is not okay .
Has gained so much that it can led to attacks , murders , lynchings , you can name of related to violence ? Is only post responsible for ? Why do they convert everything to war in the name of religion ?
The template of condemnation has n't changed much even though IM crowd has gotten more woke and anglicised . Lucky for everyone that pbuh did n't in clear words advocate violence for any insult heaped on him .
are not cOmmUnaL RiOtS oMg it ’ s a stupid and derogatory statement instigating violence and hatred . pandemic mei bhi chill nai hei inko
They need a small incidents ( again planted by them ) for riots . They love riots , violence , killing as this is the single path for their salvation .
Whoever has caused violence in the Bangalore riots of any kind whatsoever should be punished . No one is above law .
Before the lockdown , Bilal Bagh in DJ Halli was the anti-CAA and NRC protest site similar to Shaheen Bagh in Delhi . DJ Halli is Bengaluru ’ s communal nerve centre and is considered one of the most sensitive areas there .
Those involved in must be found and made to face the law . Violence in any form is not acceptable , no matter the provocation . Violence is never okay .
Has anyone seen any tweets from muslims to condemn violence over a facebook post ?
and do violence , target .they are in fair
Muslims are earning bad name in the eyes of even secular Hindus by doing such violence in response to some social media posts . They must understand that every religion shall evolve with time , accept fallacies in holy books & respond to provocation within laws .
Shameful and unacceptable Those who took to violence must be punished .
@summary
Congress & muslim parties like minded politicians supporting riots , violence , killings & destruction in Bangalore shd feel ashamed & realise their failure to rein in as openly support anti national jehadi outfits of Pak getting funds to create disturbances known to public
Bengaluru Communal Violence Case : Social Media And The Fire Of Communalism
Human Chain in Banglore was Fraud and part of terrorists game plan , When they attack in name of religion - a small group always do such drama . Terrorist agent in media make it bigger than real violence and killings .
If you are blind and haven ’ t read posts by Celebs , Muslims & others Condemning the violence . Hum kya karein ?
These people in Bangalore violence Are nothing but sleeper cell of terrorist groups from Pakistan .
DJ Halli Police Station in vandalised last night , as violence broke out in the city . Sec 144 CrPC imposed in Bangaluru city , curfew in DJ Halli & KG Halli police station limits . 2 died , 110 arrested , 60 Police personnel injured
So God got offended by a facebook post and not by violence .
This ai n't Violence this is PRE PLANNED RIOT ... What a pathetic affairs of state that 60 jawans are injured nd only 2 RIOTERS ARE D€AD ...
Violence is not a solution . Offensive social media post is highly condemnable . You should demand action from government & police against it.but do not resort to violence.Violence will only harm you I appeal to everyone avoid violence . I hope peace is strengthened
Arrest of SDPI district leader Muzammil Pasha is condemnable . He was one who helped police dept to convince the provokd mob durng the violence . It is a clear failure of the Police Department at DJ Halli . Naveen is the real culprit and he is d reason for violence .
There is a special place in the heart of every Muslim for the holy prophet . By engaging or participating in the violence the people played right into the hands of the instigator People who instigated this violence knew and wanted this reaction
Those involved in the violence must be found and made to face the law . Violence is any form is not acceptable , no matter the provocation . Violence is never okay .
Poor dalit congress MLA . He has been the target of the violence and he is getting support neither from his party nor from the jai bhim jai meem gang . Heart goes out to his family .
Dreadful images of burned properties , vehicles . Violence can never be the answer . Never .
Yogi recovered damages from rioteers during UP violence by attaching & auctioning their properties . Karnataka Governmemt must follow it . No one ... and I am saying it again ... no one has right to destroy government properties .
When will mankind evolve to disagree through debates and discussions instead of violence and vandalism ?
Can anyone send me the photo that make the violence I will ... * * * * * * *
Violence in an civilized society shall not be tolerated at all . You 've got problems , then protest , complain , petition & campaign about it . Such rioters destroy the image of an entire community at one go .
How could have intel agencies missed the plan knowing we have had enough of Shaheen Bagh in Dilli
One ca n't burn Houses and Vehicles just because of some post on FB .... one should condemn and refrain from any type of violence.The law of the Land should prevail .
So , criticism on a very very controversial figure in theentire history of mankind can lead to this much of violence & our leftists are ready 2justify this FOS is a joke Wakeup india , throwout supremacist , violent hateful and exclusive ideologies
KG Halli in Bangalore has become the New Saheen Bagh of India which has also seen protests against CAA and NRC . Police station burnt , Over 60 police men injured . This is exactly how they started burning Delhi last year . Par Intolerant to Hindus hai .
As a Muslim , I would not approve any act of violence whatsoever may be the reason . One should always seek legal path for justice . However , those individuals purposely promoting hatered & playing with religious sentiments must be dealt strictly by the authorities
Bangalore Riots : Shaheen Bagh is seen in Bengaluru . Anti CAA protests saw muslim women radicalised and acting as human shields for Jihadi mobs . The strategy repeats itself in Bengaluru .
