Rest in paradise George Floyd
Police took another one of our brothers ion even feel outrage Nomo this reality long live George Floyd
NBC News : Minneapolis officers involved in deadly arrest of George Floyd have been fired ...
His name is George Floyd . He was murdered by the police . The cops need to be arrested for murder . Some justice needs to be done .
Officer Derek Chauvin should be prosecuted for the murder of George Floyd .
I have remained at home for almost 2.5 months due to COVID-19 , but today I was compelled to put on my mask and join others in Minneapolis to protest the death of George Floyd at the hands MPD officers . This has to stop . Most folks wore masks and stayed at a safe distance .
I ’ m struck by the juxtaposition of Amy Cooper and George Floyd , and how lightbulbs seem to be going on in previously clueless places . Is that really what it takes for people to get it ? All of our previous experience wasn ’ t enough ?
4 Minneapolis Police Officers Fired Over George Floyd Death
This week has been full of people cancelling Doja cat and jimmy fallon but the same people are quiet as hell for George Floyd being killed while handcuffed by police
If the murder of George Floyd doesn ’ t infuriate you and make you think about police brutality towards POC you have a problem .
Say his name : George Floyd . RIP . Stop the cops .
I can ’ t watch the video of the murder of George Floyd it ’ s too horrifying to see a Black man , or anyone , literally murdered in plain sight by the police .
RIP George Floyd
All in one day . `` You 're Fired , '' in Donald Trump 's voice . Rest in Peace George Floyd .
George Floyd ’ s life mattered .
I don ’ t need to know that ignorant woman with the dog in Central Park name and I don ’ t need to know the men in MN names ... what names I do need to know is CHRISTIAN COOPER AND GEORGE FLOYD ’ s name ! This shit needs to stop !
‘ Completely And Utterly Messed Up ’ : Video Of Fatal Arrest Shows Minneapolis Officer Kneeling On George Floyd ’ s Neck For Several Minutes – WCCO | CBS Minnesota
Hey 3 % - how do you think George Floyd felt about tyranny ?
The George floyd video in America is one of the most shockin things I ’ ve ever seen , everything right on camera , cops have no chance of gettin off with this one
shouldn ’ t never be heard when you arrested by a police officer period . it ’ s obvious the police is using unnecessary FORCE . George Floyd was MURDER.witness was heard on the video saying at least let him BREATH
MINNEAPOLIS ! DO NOT BE QUIET . WHITE PEOPLE ! DO NOT LOOK THE OTHER WAY . DO NOT IGNORE THIS . DO NOT THINK THIS ISN ’ T A RACE ISSUE . DO NOT THINK THIS ISN ’ T YOUR ISSUE . THIS IS AN AMERICAN PROBLEM THAT WE CAN ONLY FIX TOGETHER . SAYING NOTHING IS PAOF THE PROBLEM . RIP GEORGE FLOYD !
Mediaite doesn ’ t want whites people talking about George Floyd either I guess
After watching the video , I am just sick . Rest in peace , George Floyd .
Today , we mourn the murder of George Floyd . We are continuously reminded of the structural racism & anti-Blackness that allowed this . The police do NOT exist for the protection of our people & we must work to abolish the police & ALL systems of oppression by any means necessary .
I am spiritually , mentally and physically unable to view any portion of the Lynching under the Color of Law of Mr. George Floyd . It is obscene to even imagine . Yet here we are , seeing and hearing his dying pleas , his last breath .
God you know my heart , but if a group of people slide on that bitch ass officer that murdered George Floyd , I ask that you please have mercy on their souls as they are fulfilling an important act of duty .
`` We will seek justice for the family of George Floyd , as we demand answers from the Minnesota Police Department , '' Attorney Ben Crump , family Representative said .
FBI Called In Over `` I Ca n't Breathe '' George Floyd Police Death , The Video Is INFURIATING _Timcast
Saw a comment that said the murder of George Floyd at the hands of the police `` could n't have been race driven because there was an Asian cop there '' as if anti blackness does n't leak into/serve as the foundation for every institution and root itself in people of all races . 1/4
Watching the George Floyd video thinking to myself this will never end . Literally brought me to tears . I ’ m so angry . The people watching in that video that wanted to help dude couldn ’ t even do that because they feared for their own life . Just sad man .
Saw a bunch of feds while I was there ( briefly ) . This protest is irresponsible . George Floyd will not get justice from people getting sick .
Rest In Peace George Floyd . No act as heinous as this should go unpunished
Wow my heart breaks for George Floyd x The injustice is unbelievable how can this be happening x
5 years later , nothing has changed . RIP George Floyd
Donate to the family of George Floyd
Live from Minneapolis where demonstrations have begun against the murder of George Floyd a black man killed due to an officer pressing his knee against the back of his neck while he was being detained .
RIP George Floyd and FUCK THE POLICE
Why aren ’ t the murderers of George Floyd in custody ?
I delivered “ Legal Justice for George Floyd ” from Keri , a constituent in Duluth , Minn. , to Representative Olson and Senator Simonson Write your own :
Rest on George Floyd ! ! ! Another black life viscously taken in broad daylight .
RIP George Floyd I ’ m hurting for him , he didn ’ t deserve that
4 Minneapolis Police Officers Fired Over George Floyd Death . Firing them is only the start ! Try them for murder and or manslaughter ! They killed that man . Deprived him of his LIFE , liberty , and ability to pursue happiness ! Trump will pardon them for sure ! ! !
I don ’ t know what white person needs to hear this , but if you were outraged and vocal about Ahmaud Arbery ’ s murder yet now find yourself apathetic and silent about George Floyd ’ s murder , you are not anti-racist . You are perpetuating the problem .
Watching George Floyd get murdered on the pavement like that was sickening .
George Floyd said “ I can ’ t breath ” . What about that didn ’ t they understand ?
breaks my fucking heart and pisses me off George Floyd Died After Police Knelt on His Neck During Arrest | NowThis via
R.I.P . George Floyd
Philando Castile . Alton Sterling . Eric Garner . George Floyd . Ahmaud Arbery . Breonna Taylor . Botham Jean . Tamir Rice . Freddie Gray . Trayvon Martin . Sandra Bland . Countless others .
Minneapolis police took George Floyd 's life from him with chilling indifference . George Floyd 's life mattered . . I am ashamed of my home state today , but the problem is just as much where I live , and where you live , too . The problem is me , and probably you , …
ARREST DEREK CHAUVIN FOR COLD-BLOODED MURDER OF GEORGE FLOYD Minneapolis Responds To Police Murder of George Floyd via
if they don ’ t charge that dude with the murder of George Floyd then we just gon na have to go on a witch hunt or some shit
RIP George Floyd
The four officers were fired after a Facebook video of the encounter , which took place Monday evening , showed George Floyd telling officers that he couldn ’ t breathe via
Listen ! Please share this as you are able ! ! George Floyd , black man , Ahmad Aubrey , black man and many others are dead .... and Christian Cooper , black man could ’ ve been dead because of Amy , white woman ... let ’ s talk about it on tomorrow .
This is horrendous . There is no excuse for this kind of force . Justice must be served for George Floyd and his family .
Thoughts and prayers for floyd George ’ s family . Scum of the earth police officers need to not just be sacked but pay for what they did . Karma better fuck their life up
That man was George Floyd . Didn ’ t know his name when I tweeted this but we ’ ll make sure the entire world knows his name and make sure his death wasn ’ t in vain as we fight to keep more of our brothers from being killed . Rest in Power to him
There is a spectrum of racism . And today we see , it starts with Amy Cooper and ends with George Floyd . It is ALL toxic . The next time a black person tells you of racism believe them . Don ’ t ask for proof , ask how to help , and stand by their side in that change .
George Floyd .
It happened again ! George Floyd , a Black man , was murdered by They choked him for 7 minutes until he died as he cried `` I ca n't breathe '' we need action . CHARGE the officers !
Amy Cooper will need to update her LinkedIn profile ; ‘ cause she gone . No dog , no job , no respect . She could have gotten a man killed for no damn reason , but karma got her number . Good . Now get those Minneapolis cops that murdered George Floyd . Being fired isn ’ t enough .
Four Minneapolis Cops Fired Over George Floyd 's Death , Protests Erupt via
Geez , I thought George Floyd was haunting , but this really really scares me . Using the police as a weapon against a black person makes me nauseous . I don ’ t even have to be around a police officer to be killed anymore , Somebody will bring them to me .
I can ’ t watch the George Floyd video without crying . The fact that we ’ ve had this exact same scenario now happen twice is disgusting and appalling . Eric garner happened in 2014 . Police haven ’ t learned anything . I ’ m so sick of this .
george floyd
I heard on the network news tonight the police handcuffed Mr. Floyd . I ’ m not sure of the timing . If someone is lying face down on the ground , handcuffed , why would you still need to have your knee on their neck ? Is this a standard police technique ? Honestly curious .
justice for george floyd ... what the fuck is going on !
Whatever the alleged crime , it shouldn ’ t have carried a public death sentence . Disgusted and infuriated by this . Please pray for George Floyd and his family . We need to be better as a society . Matthew 22 : 37-39
Reading about the George Floyd story on the heels of the Amy Cooper story last night , it got me thinking : 'It would be nice if this country could be 'America the Beautiful ' for more than white people .
it ’ s ironic how the amy cooper story and the george floyd story are happening simultaneously . because we all know any cooper was calling the cops on the man who asked her to leash her dog fully knowing he could have ended up like george floyd ... i hate it here .
Tonight I was called to use reiki to help someone . While it was too late to save his earthly life , I watched the video of George Floyd being murdered . It was as awful as it sounds . With tears streaming down my face…
Wow this is what our COUNTRY has come to . My heart goes out to the family of George Floyd . Officers should take full responsibility ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
The horrific murder of George Floyd is too much . God help us .
George Floyd
Please stop spreading the George Floyd video it ’ s traumatic for his family friends black people and a lot of other people .
I still can ’ t fully believe a police officer continued to hold his knee on George Floyd ’ s throat while at least three civilians filmed him killing a man . Maybe the trials will flesh out some answers .
Stands with George Floyd . Floyd lost his life today at the hands of four St. Paul , Minnesota police officers , in a gruesome & horrific manner . Justice must be served . Our voices must be heard !
Minneapolis Mayor : Police Officers Fired After Death of George Floyd | Breitbart
George Floyd
Support James by signing “ George Floyd ” and I ’ ll deliver a copy to your officials too : Last delivered to and
George Floyd
rest in peace george floyd : ( (
This is George Floyd , remember his name , remember his face
George Floyd Murdered By Minneapolis Police : I Cant Breathe II via
Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe . via
George Floyd Died After Police Knelt on His Neck During Arrest | NowThis via Nothing but racist cold bloodied murderers in a uniform who should also be tested for narcotics use Minneapolis county you will answer this murder by you representative
More training is needed , more understanding is needed . Minneapolis police officers terminated after death of George Floyd via
In America another lynching by uniformed officers . George Floyd death : Black US man dies after officer pins him down
Bro the George Floyd video is so fucking sad g. Just because of skin color cops are getting away with murder dude shit is not right . African Americans should not have to fear for their lives every fucking time they interact with police . Fuck 12 forever
George Floyd Murdered By Minneapolis Police : I Cant Breathe II via
From to George Floyd to dirtbag Jack Dorsey . What a fucking week it is already , yet nothing will change with this horrible government
`` Colin Kaepernick is banned from the for peacefully protesting deaths like George Floyd's. ``
I ’ m fully aware of the video ; however , I don ’ t need to share it . And , you shouldn ’ t either . We need to step back from our voyeuristic tendencies as not to dehumanize this man more than he already has been . George Floyd didn ’ t deserve to die . Period . Read this thread
On your website you all recently used artists to “ harness the power of culture to inspire hope and solidarity ” In the image , 10 out of 15 people are Black . They could ’ ve been George Floyd or Breona Taylor or Ezell Ford or Sandra Bland .
George Floyd , that ’ s the tweet .
George Floyd .
Why not MURDER or MANSLAUGHTER for those cops ! Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe .
I simply can not watch the George Floyd video ... the exact same way I couldn ’ t watch Ahmaud Arbery ’ s final moments . I ’ m so sick and tired of being sick and tired is an understatement .
Four Minneapolis police officers fired after death of unarmed man George Floyd
What happened to George Floyd was an act of a police officer going mad with power and an extreme act of racism . George Floyd had stated to the officer that he `` cant breath '' but yet he continued to kneel on his neck for over 3 minutes .
George Floyd and Eric Garner . Six years apart and both demanded breath . I ’ ll absolutely be preaching on this on Sunday and if you ’ re a white liberal or socialist Christian you too need to be calling out white supremacy from the pulpit or you ’ re not prophetic .
It ’ s so fucked up how they did George Floyd
I get outta town for one weekend and George Floyd is killed , by police , after saying he couldn ’ t breathe and an entitled Karen couldn ’ t leash her dog . Jfc
Yes , they were fired , but that ’ s not enough . They still need to be convicted . George Floyd deserves justice !
RIP George Floyd
What can bystanders do in the moment if seeing the kind of police brutality suffered by Floyd ? I have doubts about the effectiveness of calling the police on the police , and physically approaching them would be dangerous . Maybe start yelling to attract attention ?
Omg George Floyd I can ’ t deal with this fucking country anymore .
Where on earth to fired the cops involved is enough ? They are not just cops , they are murderes and we , as human beings , and the whole word right now together in unison demand justice for George Floyd . He shall not die in vain
Nothing else matters today . Everyone in my city and my state for that matter should feel both an emptiness and anger for what happened to George Floyd .
Rest in Peace George Floyd .
The police officer that murdered George Floyd by knelling on his neck belongs in jail , and so do the other officers who stood and watched .
1/2 All American Boys . wrote a powerful scene in which a black man was cuffed & thrown to the ground . He then , helpless , pleaded for his life . It was incredibly poweful to me . But then Floyd . Is Reynolds a prophet ? No . Horrifically , he simply wrote reality ...
Everyone should feel the death of George Floyd like it was their brother , father , son , etc .. We should be shaken by that video . Don ’ t be calloused by the fact that police brutality against black men and women is so prevalent it is becoming a normal sight . Feel this .
The George Floyd video is the Andy Ngo bat signal .
George Floyd was murdered in cold-blood and in broad daylight ? When would be the right time to recognize that ( as Ta-Nehisi Coates puts it ) `` it is American tradition to take the black body '' ? When ? ! I am outraged , and you should be , too .
You know what ’ s sick about the video of George Floyd is how the other cop trynna do a pulse check and the officers STILL HAS HIS KNEE ON HIS NECK ! Homie is dead and now you wan na look concerned . I thank God for video cameras cuz the traction would not have been the same .
Right now Officer Tatum is meticulously studying the video of the Minneapolis police officers murdering George Floyd to make a video showing how the cops were right .
GEORGE FLOYD . SAY HIS NAME . THIS IS MURDER .
George Floyd Rally
Our Executive Director is at the sight of the protest for George Floyd ’ s life . Please watch below .
I keep on scrolling past the George Floyd stuff because i don ’ t wan na feel it , but i feel so insensitive scrolling past it
George Floyd Rest in Power my brother
Just look at this bastard . Got his hands in his pocket . Just squeezing the life out of a human being for no reason but he thought he could get away with this . How many others has he done this to without any consequences . Justice for George Floyd . Murder charges must be brought
The Christopher Cooper and George Floyd videos coming out one on top of the other disturbs me so much . The George Floyd video is a reminder that Christopher Cooper was n't overreacting in the least bit .
4 Minneapolis police officers fired following death of George Floyd in police custody
We are shocked and saddened by the death of . His life was taken in a senseless act of violence at the hands of the Minneapolis Police Department . We must honor George Floyd ’ s life by seeking justice for him and his family . by Color of Change
If George FLoyd would of gotten killed by the NYPD , all 4 of those losers would of had their jobs still . The city of Minnesota did the right thing
BREAKING : 4 Minneapolis police officers have been fired in the aftermath of George Floyd 's death . He was unarmed & handcuffed . He died after an officer knelt on his neck for up to 10 minutes until he laid motionless on the ground
AMERICA HATE IS NOT THE ANSWER - YOU HAVE TO DO BETTER FLOYDS DEATH WILL NOT BE IN VAIN WE DESPERATELY NEED A LEADER IN AMERICA 4 Minnesota police officers fired after death of George Floyd , black man seen pinned down in video
George Floyd Died After Police Knelt on His Neck During Arrest | NowThis via
Hard to believe what happened to Eric Garner six years ago would happen again to George Floyd in Minneapolis . We must learn from history and change or we are doomed to repeat it .
Let us hope that George Floyd gets better justice than Antwon Rose did . Hope the do . They need to get a sentence with letters not numbers .
This is crazy ! George Floyd case : 4 Minneapolis cops are fired after video shows one kneeling on neck of black man who later died - CNN
ion like speaking on race relations on social media but enough is enough . i ’ m sick and tired of these punk ass officers killing black people that pose no threat . nothing but entitled pieces of shit . hope them mfs rot in hell . rest easy george floyd .
George Died After Police Knelt on His Neck During Arrest | NowThis via
4 Minneapolis police officers fired over George Floyd death : via
Truth : George Floyd has only himself to blame for getting into that situation . Truth : All 4 of those officers deserve to be arrested and jailed for his murder .
`` BEING BLACK IN AMERICA SHOULD NOT BE A DEATH SENTENCE . '' rest in peace George Floyd i am absolutely horrified-this is not okay , it never was and it should n't continue to be tolerated .
smh RIP GEORGE FLOYD
Absolutely unacceptable . George Floyd was murdered and there must be justice . White people , we need to do better .
I feel sick after seeing that George Floyd video and I 'm about to cry . That cop was literally kneeling on his neck . That should be illegal in any instance . What the hell .. this is reminding me of Eric Garner all over again .
I just seen that George Floyd video my word
Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe . via
If I were a policeman , how would I constrain George Floyd if he were my actual , biological brother ? I would hug him into submission , until his cries showed up in my tears . But he IS my biological brother . We are both children of God , made in his image .
`` This is the right call , '' Minneapolis said about the termination of four police officers . The firings come as the FBI investigates George Floyd ’ s death .
Family of black man George Floyd says firing of four cops is a start via
His death was unnecessary . His death was gruesome . His death could and should have been avoided . His death should be the very last of it 's kind . Rest in Peace George Floyd
The fact that that “ officer ” did not even flinch when George Floyd stopped breathing makes me sick to my stomach ! How many times does this shit have to happen before things can change ? ! ?
The video of George Floyd being murdered is everywhere & I can ’ t take it . Why do y ’ all share murders all the time ?
Christian Cooper could 've been George Floyd if they responded to that bullshit call . That 's what angers tf out of me .
Arrest them lock them up and kneel on their necks just like how George Floyd was murdered
That George Floyd video was so hard to watch .... we 're already in trying times and now to have to deal with issues like this is heartbreaking ... i have no words ...
Sadden and terrified by the Chris Cooper situation but devastated by the George Floyd murder .
If the four police officers have already been fired over their involvement in the clearly unwarranted death of George Floyd , there ’ s a high probability they ’ re going to be charged . He was subdued , yet they continued to use or condone excessive force .
Say his name : GEORGE FLOYD
I ’ m waiting for the news to drop a video of George Floyd jaywalking 10 years ago in attempt to justify what that murderer did
George Floyd Matters .
George Floyd
Police need to be convicted for the murder of George Floyd . How many black lives need to be lost for us to understand the gravity of what ’ s going on ? I may never know , understand or experience what people of color go through but I ’ m w/ you all . I see you . I ’ m here for the fight .
RIP GEORGE FLOYD ....
His name is George Floyd . He was 46 years old and last evening the Minneapolis Police murdered him in cold-blood . Remember his name and fight like hell to make sure this never happens again . Justice means accountability and we demand it now .
This is so serious and compounding the trauma of the killing of George Floyd .
George Floyd ... so sorry that happened to you . You did not deserve this . At all . I ’ m disgusted and sad ...
Man . George Floyd . Another tragic death . Brutal and unnecessary . Lord , have mercy and bring peace and justice .
Justice for George Floyd . May Allah make it easy for his family .
Live stream of Minneapolis as people protest the murder of George Floyd who was choked to death last night by officers . [ Knish ]
I can ’ t bring myself to even watch that George Floyd video .
Eric came in the room , laid his head in my lap to tell me he was sad about watching the video of George Floyd . I ’ m sad too .. & infuriated . We just shouldn ’ t have to have this insane sense of fear every time we walk out the door .
George Floyd is gone from this Earth because of reckless , wanton disregard for his humanity and life . May God grant his family Conciliation and justice
Friends , Family Members Reeling Following George Floyd 's Death via
I want this Amy Cooper bitch arrested , charged , sentenced . I want the cops who killed George Floyd arrested , charged and sentenced . Lynched too .
・・・ George Floyd was a standout high school athlete . Memorial Day weekend is the anniversary of his mother ’ s death . This year makes two years . It was a tough weekend for him and his family—…
Free masks handed out at the rally for justice for George Floyd . Folks standing apart and * everyone * in masks . It ’ s moving to see so much communal caretaking alongside grief and anger .
Minneapolis Residents Protest the Death of George Floyd in Police Custody via
Grieved by the George Floyd video . There are no words .
Do n't even wan na watch the George Floyd video because I already know the outcome
This is George Floyd
Mr Floyd ’ s murder was preventable .
Amy Cooper had a bad day but George Floyd ’ s family had a much worse one . is a weapon bc it ’ s unchecked deadly force . Until we have a fully sweeping reform of , this will continue .
No justice no peace . Prosecute the police . George Floyd . Minneapolis .
American policemen are not better than SARS . They both oppress . Another live lost just for being black . Rest in peace George Floyd .
MURDER . WE GOT TA CHANGE SOMETHING WE CAN NOT KEEP CARRYIN IT THIS WAY . RIP GEORGE FLOYD I FEEL SO BAD FOR YOU .
Waiting on the smear headline about how George Floyd once forgot to return a pen to a bank teller just to justify his murder .
George Floyd Black Man dies during arrest by Minneapolis police says ' I ... via
George Floyd ’ s death was WRONG if you watch the entire video and aren ’ t sick to your stomach I don ’ t know what to say . I know as a white person that when I go out I am in a safer position than my husband who is black and I hate that ! No one should be fearing for their life
I do n't know the circumstances leading to George Floyd 's death but one man on the ground surrounded my several cops , cops do n't have to be too aggressive . Search the suspect and cuff them . Get them off the floor . They may be innocent . Sorry wo n't suffice .
Just posting this in case anyone googles Vincent Merritt for future job opportunities . This is his take on the video of the murder of George Floyd
The whole George Floyd thing is absolutely disgusting . Police are supposed to protect the nation not kill people to pretend they have power .
Yep . Time to get off Twitter today . I need a break for my mental health . Have a blessed day and say safe y'all . ... and His name is George Floyd
‘ Please . Your knee in my neck . I can ’ t breathe. ’ Black man George Floyd died shortly after a Minneapolis police officer kneeled on his neck ( warning : distressing )
rip George Floyd
George Floyd
“ It ’ s very emotionally charged ” in Minneapolis , WCCO ’ s Sloane Martin tells me . 4 Minneapolis police officers have been fired after the death of George Floyd . Disturbing video shows a police officer kneeling on Floyd ’ s neck during an arrest last night :
George Floyd . 7 agonizing minutes .
George Floyd did not “ die later ” at the hospital . He was pronounced dead at the hospital . He died on the street with an officer ’ s knee on his neck .
George Floyd Died After Police Knelt on His Neck During Arrest | NowThis via
This footage is absolutely sickening ! George Floyd should still be alive right now but he was murdered because of his skin colour , NO OTHER REASON . Police brutality towards miniorities is still happening , speak up !
Talked to my dad and ended up talking to him about the protests going on in response to the George Floyd thing . My republican father who works in the prison system , said of the incident : `` It 's just uncalled for . It 's a nonviolent crime , he was not hurting anyone & now he 's dead . ''
BREAKING : 4 Minneapolis police officers have been fired in the aftermath of George Floyd 's death . He was unarmed & handcuffed . He died after an officer knelt on his neck for up to 10 mins until he laid motionless on the ground
Hey - ca n't believe that your response to Derek Chauvin ( Badge ) murdering George Floyd is just to fire him - how come he has n't been charged with murder ?
George Floyd
this is disgusting . the story is so upsetting , justice for George Floyd .
Four Minneapolis police officers have been fired following the lynching of George Floyd . Police Chief Medaria Arradondo announced the termination during a news conference Tuesday . He did not publicly name them but two of the cops were identified as Derek Chauvin and Tou Thao .
Police Officers Involved With Death Of George Floyd Fired via
In case you haven ’ t heard , George Floyd was murdered by a cop kneeling in his neck .
Between the Amy Cooper & George Floyd stories , I ’ m just feeling really exhausted and beat down . Like , will it ever end ?
I usually don ’ t speak on this kinda stuff but I ’ ll say his name George Floyd Did not deserve to be treated by those pigs like that , who think they can do anything they want and thinking they above the law always . I wonder how them officers felt illegally killing a man .
Former player Stephen Jackson ( reacts to the death of his `` twin '' George Floyd .
rip george floyd
My mom is talking about George Floyd , the man wrongfully murdered at the hands of Minneapolis police . I ... I just ca n't understand her thought processes
I know nobody will see this but if you are white , stop retweeting George Floyd ’ s murder . Stop wanting likes and being entertained by my people being murdered . It ’ s traumatizing .
What we know about Derek Chauvin and Tou Thao , two of the officers caught on tape in the death of George Floyd
Derek Chauvin Terrorist that murdered George Floyd .
Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe . via
Minnesota leaders react after George Floyd died in Minneapolis police custody Monday .
To the BLACK man named George Floyd I hope you are better place . But to the WHITE police officer that wouldn ’ t get off his body even while dead I hope you rot in hell for the shit you did you were proud to kill that man
The police officer who killed George Floyd should be charged with murder . This is wicked !
SAY HIS NAME . SAY IT . GEORGE FLOYD .
I wish people would be as passionate about George Floyd ’ s death and ending police violence as they were about wearing masks .
That was so wrong on the Minnesota police man the way they did to george floyd killing him was not right
Minneapolis Police Officers Involved In Death Of George Floyd Fired
credit : These days the only crime U get killed for is Being Black . Rest Easy Twin . Starting tight end 92 . Made it to state championship . Bruh wasn ’ t no bum . Had hoop game too . U will know who Floyd…
George Floyd .
Shareeduh Tate said she watched the video of George Floyd 's fatal encounter with Minneapolis Police once , before she knew it was her cousin . `` I did n't watch it again , '' she said in an interview with
This video of George Floyd being suffocated by a cop is fucking disgusting . I ’ m legitimately sick and angry . This officer should be charged with murder .
4 Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe . via
New Video Shows a Handcuffed George Floyd Not Resisting Arrest Before Being Murdered By Cop Derek Chauvin ; Video Cuts Off Before The Moment He is Thrown to The Ground
George Floyd was wrongfully killed Monday night after “ resisting arrest ” when clearing in the video things turned out another way ! OUR BLACK MEN ARE BEING MURDERED ON CAMERA . What a time to be alive ... R.I.P
credit : shaunking ... Young brother who was on the scene sent this to Now you can see exactly what all 4 officers were doing . I need all 4 names . They handcuffed George Floyd put him on his stomach , …
George Floyd was murdered . South Africa agrees .
4 Minneapolis police officers fired following death of George Floyd in police custody
rest in peace george floyd , fuck any and all prejudice/racist police
I can ’ t get over the irony . Racism literally has its foot on the neck of Black America and that is how George Floyd , Eric Garner and too many others died . And yet we have more outrage over a dog being dragged by their collar .
The 2017 night Mohamed Noor accidentally shot Justine Ruszczyk I told friends & colleagues that Minneapolis cop was going to prison . Now I 'm predicting Noor will be joined there by the cop who put his knee on George Floyd 's neck & maybe the other cop in horrific video .
Watch broadcast : Protestors come together in reaction to George Floyd 's death
That George Floyd video don ’ t sit right with me at all . When will this stop
George Floyd was not making an attempt to harm the police officer . He was laying on the ground DYING and the police officer did not move . deserves justice . The police should be protecting the people not killing the people
Video shows Minneapolis Police officers attempting to arrest George Floyd moments before his death
My stomach is in knots thinking about George Floyd . This man was murdered by the Minneapolis Police . Don ’ t start with he was unruly and therefore it was necessary . He was begging for his life ! These scumbag murders better serve the rest of their life in prison
George Floyd
George Floyd Lawyer Ben Crump Says the Killing Proves It 's 'Open Season ... via
4 Minnesota police officers fired after death of George Floyd , black man seen pinned down in video via
Update : The black man killed by 4 Minneapolis police officers identified as George Floyd ( watch the video )
Free Leonard George Floyd
Minneapolis now . Say his name . George Floyd .
If you can watch the video of George Floyd surface only hours after Amy Cooper 's false claim of being threatened by Christian Cooper and defend what she did at all , you are not paying attention or do n't care . She risked not only his life but any black man in that area .
What we know about Derek Chauvin and Tou Thao , two of the officers caught on tape in the death of George Floyd | Star Tribune
For SHIT 'S sake people ! Let me REITERATE HERE — If you think Amy Klobuchar 's statement on George Floyd 's murder is a good statement then YOU are PAof the problem . Hands down . Rethink your stance . Reread what she said . It 's BAD . It 's blue lives matter all over the place .
George Floyd was a human being who was loved . His life mattered . He was murdered by Derek Chauvin and MPD officers who chose not to intervene while he said repeatedly , `` I ca n't breathe . ''
Another name and hashtag ... George Floyd
that video of george floyd literally being suffocated to death in the street by the police disturbs the fuck out of me its so sad its so fucked up and the fact ppl still stick up for the police is mind boggling these officers are murderers i ’ m tired of seeing this happen
THAT OFFICER SHOULD ROT IN PRISON ALERT : 4 Minneapolis Police Officers Fired Over George Floyd Death
I spent two years of my legal career working on the stop and frisk case , Floyd v. The City of New York Today , even though I tried not to see it , I saw the video of another Floyd who will now be synonymous w/ police misconduct ... and idk what to do w/that .
This is just completely unbelievable . Justice for George Floyd . Why must this continue to happen ? ! ? !
What we know about Derek Chauvin and Tou Thao , two of the officers caught on tape in the death of George Floyd
Rest In Peace George Floyd
I finally got around to watching the video of that man killing George Floyd and my mind immediately went back to the fall out back home after they killed Eric Garner . Y ’ all love to try and convince me shit is changing . Where ?
Just a reminder that the police officers used lethal foce against George Floyd over a suspected forgery . Forgery . Watch the video or not and let that sink in .
The FBI 's Minneapolis division is investigating the death of George Floyd , who died in Minneapolis police custody Monday night .
Just watched that ten min video of the cops killing George Floyd my heart is hurting so much ... just i dont get it God we need you
george floyd didn ’ t deserve this . he had a family , a life , a career , friends , he didn ’ t deserve to die . but another day in america , another white cop murdering an innocent black man . how many more innocent black men have to die before america actually does something ?
George Floyd and Christian Cooper are why To Pimp A Butterfly was such an important statement
Watch how the media did into George Floyd past and try to paint a whole other image
Murder charges should come next . Four Minneapolis police officers fired after death of George Floyd - Bring Me The News
`` Say his name ! '' `` George Floyd ! ''
This is what some people are saying about George Floyd . They make me sick to my stomach .
All those seeking justice for George Floyd , remember this is the city where police union willingly told the Mayor they would continue warfare type training . Also Hennepin County is who sent guys against Standing Rock I believe .
RIP George Floyd
Ice Cube Wonders ‘ How Long ’ Before People ‘ Strike Back ’ Against Police After George Floyd ’ s Death
What happened to George Floyd was MURDER . I don ’ t want firings I was JUSTICE !
George Floyd died Monday after he was pinned down by a police officer who put his knee on Floyd ’ s neck .
I am mourning for George Floyd today . Yet another sad day in the black community . Let me just say , I pray for a day when people all over the world accurately reflect on the black lives matter movement as a crucial part in American history . Bc this is just a repeating headline ...
Four police officers allegedly murder George Floyd have been dismissed by the Minneapolis government . The investigation about the murdering of George Floyd is ongoing .
SAY his Name— GEORGE FLOYD ! ‘ Being Black In America Should Not Be A Death Sentence ’ : Officials Respond To George Floyd ’ s Death – WCCO | CBS Minnesota
Ahmad Aubrey , George Floyd . These deaths , nay , killings , only occur because the perpetrators ( cops , citizen vigilantes ) see black people as inhuman . The systematic racism is blatant .
`` Arradondo , the police chief , said Tuesday that he had decided to ask the FBI to investigate Floyd ’ s death and the police encounter after receiving “ additional information. ” `` What 's this additional information ?
George Floyd did n't deserve to die needlessly , Christian Cooper did n't deserve to have his life threatened needlessly . This senseless racism needs to stop
Minneapolis officers involved in deadly arrest of George Floyd have been fired JFC . Hopefully they get criminal charges too !
His name was George Floyd you fucking maniac . Funny how the presumptive VP k claims to be the best option but has a history of being on the wrong side of most racial aspects she ’ s been involved in . Also interesting that she fucks up when she even tried to be on the right side .
My soul aches for the Floyd family and hearing that the police officers involved have been swiftly fired doesn ’ t seem to help in the least ... what a shitty place this is at times .
Smh , being BLACK in America ! My heart is hurting for George Floyd
Family of black man George Floyd says firing of four cops is a start via
MAN ! That video of the murder of George Floyd is just too much to take . We talking about someone ’ s life here being taken just like that !
I bet you they gon na come up with a story that George Floyd overdosed and not that he was choked just so another police officer can get away with killing a black man
FBI Called In Over `` I Ca n't Breathe '' George Floyd Police Death , The Vide ... via
His name was George Floyd .
CW : police violence George Floyd , an unarmed black man , was murdered by the police yesterday 2 blocks from my house . Strangled to death as he pleaded for his life . May 25th , 2020
His name was George Floyd . He was a person . He was a son . He was a family member . He was a friend .
A new case , that of George Floyd , to state one of my old positions .
“ Please , please , please , I can ’ t breathe . Please , man. ” - George Floyd Lord have mercy .
Also just watched the video of George Floyd ’ s death and I ’ m crushed . And whenever I see these videos my first thought goes to my brother and how I pray he is never placed in a scenario like this bc of the color of his skin . Almost in tears right now ...
I have no words . Minneapolis Council VP Andrea Jenkins , who was extremely disrespectful / raised her voice at Justice4Jamar Clark protesters ; voted for said budget to fund / hire MORE police , is at the George Floyd protest . absolutely disgusting . vote the entire council out .
Friends , Family Members Reeling Following George Floyd 's Death via
George Floyd . I 'm sorry .
This statement from is problematic on many levels . A police officer killed George Floyd by kneeling on his neck after placing him in handcuffs . Use his name . Do n't say every single person needs to feel safe . Police are killing black and brown people .
I am deeply saddened by the death of Mr. George Floyd . Black people are humans and our lives matter . No one deserves to die in such a cruel manner . My deepest condolences to his family , relatives , and all who loved him .
RIP George Floyd
Today ’ s news is heartbreaking and devestating , from the violent death of George Floyd to number of COVID-19 deaths . And for some reason the MI media is overly focused on what the Governor ’ s husband said ...
I 'm not going to share the video of George Floyd and if you are sharing in an effort to raise awareness , please reconsider . Think about what that actually accomplishes . Why is it that we have to consume Black trauma in order to grieve or feel how awful something this ?
The four officers were fired after a Facebook video of the encounter , which took place Monday evening , showed George Floyd telling officers that he couldn ’ t breathe
Wow the George Floyd thing really got me shocked
All of the Minneapolis officers who just stood there and let that officer kneel on George Floyd ’ s neck .. need to be CHARGED WITH MURDER .
4 Minneapolis Police Officers Fired Over George Floyd Death
lets remind on that when murdered 9 ppl 6/17/15 , in Charleston , South Carolina the police first question to Roof when they pulled him over was if he was hungry ! So whatever Mr. Floyd did a knee in his neck was not required !
GEORGE FLOYD
I SHOULD NOT being seeing videos of George Floyd being murdered on my timeline We ’ re not robots ! We process emotions perfectly . We aren ’ t immune ! No one will EVER be content witnessing their own fight for their LIFE . This event has evoked enough trauma as it is ..
that george floyd video makes me so sick to my stomach . when will the wellbeing of african americans in america EVER be considered ?
I just watched the George Floyd video and that shit really fucked me up . It ’ s tiring as hell seeing men like Ahmaud Arbery & George Floyd being murdered by White ppl every month . I think desegregation has run its course .
Our statement : Civil Rights Groups on the Killing of George Floyd via
I want to be able to do something more than a retweet or a hashtag about George Floyd . Eric Garner was 6 years ago and nothing changes and it ’ s devastating
Firing the 4 officers in Minnesota isn ’ t enough . The main cop needs to be convicted for murder as well the other 3 for accessory . It ’ s crazy how much of a feat it seems for a simple arrest when that shit should be fucking obvious . George Floyd you ’ ll forever be remembered ..
Ok , they have been fired but they must also be prosecuted . George Floyd should not be dead .
4 Minneapolis Police Officers Fired Over George Floyd Death
RIP George Floyd
I am still trying to figure out , what part of `` i cant breathe '' did this officer not understand . These officers being fired isnt enough vengeance for George Floyd ` s murder , they should be put in the worst prison in U.S for so many years .
Protest after police killing this afternoon . Chanting George Floyd , the name of the person who was killed .
The cops that killed George Floyd should be charged with murder . That 's it that 's the tweet .
George Floyd case : 4 Minneapolis cops fired after 1 white cop kneels on the victim ’ s neck 4 a full 5 minutes ... his last words ? “ Mama ... mama ” - the most saddest thing my eyes have ever encountered . That of an video : CNN
The officers who killed George Floyd need to be named in as many media outlets as possible . Their names are missing from a lot of the reports . The public needs to see and know who they are , so that they are never allowed into a position of any authority ever again .
from amy cooper ’ s weaponization of her whiteness to the police officers involved in the murder of george floyd , i am sick , tired , and angry hearing more violent stories about racism in america . it has to end .
It 's always too damn much . I came to Twitter today because NPR thought it was really relevant to out Amy Cooper for trying to get Christian Cooper murdered . I run right into George Floyd 's murder on film in daylight with witnesses just like Rodney King , other cops stood by .
4 police men ( 3 kneeling on George ) killed George Floyd on Memorial Day . George complaint about his inability to breathe fell on deaf ears of the oppressive and murderous police men .
George Floyd case : 4 Minneapolis cops are fired after video shows one kneeling on neck of black man who later died - the next step is now prosecution for murder .
Another unarmed Black man was murdered in Minneapolis pleading for his life after a white officer knelt on his neck . 4 MPD officers are said to be involved in his death . Our condolences go out to Floyd ’ s family at this time . RIP Black King .
my heart breaks for George Floyd . the utter disregard for human life that was shown by that officer makes me so angry . he really sat there LONG after floyd had been motionless . this is so so infuriating
“ Please , I can ’ t breathe . '' George Floyd died after a officer kneeled on his neck . The is investigating .
I 'm followed by many police officers on here ... Just received this DM regarding the George Floyd ( RIP ) killing .
George Floyd . Let his name be a reminder on no matter how harsh times are , police brutality is a thing and it is a problem .
I 'm told that Christian Cooper will be on CNN show this evening in the 11 PM hour . In the 10 PM hour of Don 's show , members of George Floyd 's family .
those cops should not JUST be fired . they need to be prosecuted . That man with his knee on the neck of George Floyd is a cold blooded murderer . There was no compassion for George ’ s life and there should be none for those cops .
Who knew that all it would take for this guy to love cops again was them to go back to killing black men by standing on those necks ? Eric Garner and George Floyd died because cops stood on them , how many more die before this shit causes people to rise up and fight back ?
man that asian cop in that video of george floyd is gon na get everyone to attack other asians and associate asians siding with white cops . please , no
My understanding is that the has said that the Public `` should n't rush to judgment on the Floyd murder . Uh , is George Floyd dead ? Then ( and I ca n't believe I have to say this again ) we 're NOT RUSHING TO JUDGMENT ! !
Grief and power in the neighborhood tonight . George Floyd should be alive . Black lives matter .
So sad and angry ! We demand justice for Goerge Floyd 's murder . This is what happens when our police is trained by Israelies , who abuse Palestinians with impunity .
Even during a pandemic where no one is 100 % safe , people still have the audacity to discriminate , be racist and treat others disrespectfully and without empathy just because . My heart genuinely hurts for George Floyd and his loved ones
This is the same man , a Minneapolis Police officer , who murdered George Floyd in broad daylight yesterday .
It ’ s bad cops like the ones that murdered George Floyd that perpetuate the vicious , dangerous cycle of people being overly aggressive with cops and vice versa .
THIS IS ABSOLUTELY FUCKING RIDICULOUS THIS MAN DID NOT DESERVE THIS . JUSTICE FOR GEORGE FLOYD ! ! ! via
Rest In Peace George Floyd
George Floyd death : Black US man dies after officer pins him down
Yeah they fired the officers involved in George Floyd ’ s death but where are the charges ? If a man puts his hands ( knee ) on another person that results in their death , is that not murder ? The DA a pussy if they don ’ t file charges , just saying
colorofchange download.ins -- - : Text 'Floyd ' to 55156 to demand the officers who killed are charged with murder . . . It happened again . His name was George…
His name was George Floyd
Ahmaud Arbery Sean Reed George Floyd
RIP George Floyd .
, and George Floyd ’ s life mattered .
`` It 's hard to be black in a world controlled by white folks . '' RIP George Floyd
What do you mean `` involvement '' ca n't you report appropriately as `` THE MURDER OF GEORGE FLOYD ''
George Floyd I ’ m sorry , our system failed you ! This has to stop . Jesus , we need you now !
Lighters up for George Floyd
the cops that killed floyd need to be charged for MURDER and go to jail , not just be `` '' fired '' '' what bullshit
I just read about George Floyd ( didn ’ t need to see the video and saw the screenshot ) and this is all so disgusting . And traumatizing . And sick . And disturbing . It ’ s the smirk that bothers me the most .
I am disgusted by the murder of George Floyd . That cop needs to be in prison . Death is not an accident when you kneel on someone 's neck for 5 , 6 , 7 minutes while they repeatedly say they ca n't breathe . Handcuffed behind his back . Goes unresponsive & cops still do n't react . Murder
Minneapolis cops involved in George Floyd 's death fired : mayor via
The George Floyd video is deeply upsetting and it also serves as a reminder of how often this could be happening . Had she not had that video would we ever know ? Deeply disturbing .
Pastor Sheryl Brady and Pastor Rod Parsley have spoken out about the unjust murder of George Floyd . Who ’ s next ? !
Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe . via
Police issued a statement Tuesday saying Floyd had a medical incident during the arrest , but a video of the arrest reveals an officer kneeling on Floyd 's neck for seven minutes , despite Floyd being handcuffed .
His name was George Floyd . RIP
JUSTICE FOR GEORGE FLOYD
GEORGE FLOYD
George Floyd
Amy Cooper tried to pull a George Floyd on Christian Cooper . Thank God the cops did n't meet him at the scene . Would have been two dead black brothers in 24hours . Still they got George
Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe . via
The detail about how George Floyd had recently discovered a love of Tajin is such a poignant touch on this portrait
George Floyd should be alive .
George Floyd , This is America . Heartbreaking .
Important first step that needs to be followed by criminal charges for the officers in George Floyd 's death . Four Minneapolis officers are fired after video shows one kneeling on neck of black man who later died , mayor says
They failed to mention the cops knee was on his neck and George Floyd couldn ’ t breathe ! He even told the cops he couldn ’ t breathe over & over ! And even George was non responsive the cop still had his knee on his neck until ambulance came ! ! ! !
Minnesota officials decry death of George Floyd in Minneapolis police custody via
just wan na be excited for stevies birthday but all i can think about is the murder of George Floyd
George Floyd . When I think about your life and the many lives lost to racist hate I cry . You deserved so much better .
It ’ s been an insane 24 hours in our nation from the incident in Central Park to George Floyd . It ’ s evident that racism is still a huge problem and if their is a lesson to be learned from all of this , do not make assumptions on someone by the color of their skin but by character .
My name is George Floyd and
1/2 This is George Floyd . This is a ture of the man that was murdered by police in Minneapolis . This is his face . His murder video does not need to be constantly reposted to spread awareness . His family and friends do not need to see it .
FIRED ! ? ! ? ! ? One killed George Floyd with his knee compressing his neck to the ground with full force with the help of the other two cops . HE WAS A BLACK UNARMED MAN ! The fourth cop shielded off civilians . These PIGS need to be charged with murder ! The bare minimum KMT
George Floyd
Sean Douglas Baker thought it was a good idea to comment this under the video of the death of George Floyd . So we found where this guy lives and his business please blow this up and ruin his life .
Text 'Floyd ' to 55156 to demand that the officers who killed are charged with murder .
Statements on George Floyd 's MURDER by Minneapolis Police
The Amy Cooper thing is insidious on it ’ s own . Then juxtapose it with George Floyd ’ s murder to understand just how how much danger she intentionally put Christian Cooper in . Whatever she gets , she deserves .
No , honey your life is not destroyed . George Floyd ’ s life is destroyed . What you ’ re facing is called consequences .
George Floyd did nothing wrong but was murdered , Ahmaud Arbery was jogging in daytime and was murdered , Christian Cooper was Birdwatching and politely asked someone to leash their dog , and could have been murdered ... MLK had a 'dream ' .... and he was murdered this nation is a mess
Wondering how many of my conservative followers and people I follow are going to speak out against the killing of George Floyd ? If you have n't seen the entire video , you should , and you should be outraged . There is zero justification for this . My soul is broken .
I just watched the video of George Floyd being Killed/Murdered by the Minneapolis Cops and I ’ m crying . He was literally begging for his life . Dear white people , black/brown people are humans like you ! Cos I can ’ t comprehend the root of this hatred for POC .
Rip Mr. George Floyd . I ’ m sorry America is like this . This shit needs to stop !
I think the fact that the thing and the murder of George Floyd happened within 24 hours of each other is proof enough that she knew what she was doing when she called 911 . Not that I needed to tell you that though .
So this is Amerikkka ... 2014 - Eric Garner : “ I can ” t breathe ” 2020 - George Floyd : “ I can ’ t breathe ”
This officer murdered George Floyd in cold blood . The officer ’ s knee is pinned down on top of George Floyd suffocating him . You can hear his last gasps of air as his life is extinguished .
Eric Garner , Ahmaud Arbery and now George Floyd . Who is next ?
Sharing the video of George Floyd being killed is normalizing Black Death . White people , honestly reflect what your doing by posting shit like this . Nothing will give white people insight as to what it is like to be specifically BLACK in America .
Say his name : GEORGE FLOYD Remember his name : GEORGE FLOYD Rest In Peace George Floyd
I feel physically sick after watching what happened to George Floyd—a black man who died after being held down by a white police officer that used his knee to pin him & choke him as he repeatedly screamed that he couldn ’ t breathe . This kind of sinful ungodly garbage has to stop .
This is what cowardice looks like . That face . The face of HATE . The face of a damaged , unloved , piece of shit . A murderer . His victim , who was a grown man calling out for his Momma as the breath of life was leaving him , is George Floyd and
“ Being black in America should not be a death sentence ” Now I ’ m scared of going to America ! The video is too gruesome , I couldn ’ t finish watching it . RIP George Floyd .
( Scroll for s ) Posted• shaunking We need you to see George Floyd outside of his final painful moments when he was murdered . He had a full life of friends , family , work , church , and so much more . FIGHT FOR JUSTICE…
My heart is so heavy over George Floyd . What the fuck is wrong with you bitch ass yt folk . Pure evil .
No one was born a racistIts a matter of teaching them racial segregation I stand with justice , i stand with Floyd
What we know about Derek Chauvin and Tou Thao , two of the officers caught on tape in the death of George Floyd | Star Tribune
George Floyd dead from apparent asphyxiation while saying `` I ca n't breat ... via I have 2 kids that are these 4 SOB ’ s have no souls .
`` We all watched the horrific death of G. Floyd on video as witnesses begged the police officer to take him into the police car and get off his neck , '' Crump said . `` This abusive , excessive and inhumane use of force cost the life of a man who was being detained [ .. ] ''
George Floyd should fucking be alive are white people fucking kidding
GEORGE FLOYD
Once again the living breath taken from an African American . Moms Clean Air Force can not and will not tolerate sacrifice zones -- or sacrifice people . This is horrifying . Image May George Floyd Rest in Power .
Rest In Peace George Floyd
A handcuffed Black man with 4 officers present , with tasers . Mr Floyd was subdued , could have been put in squad car and transported to jail . Why put him on the ground ? He said I can ’ t breathe , Bystanders repeatedly said he ’ s not moving officer kept knee on his neck until death .
I just watched the George Floyd video where he was murdered by racist Minneapolis Police . I am fucking disgusted .
4 Minneapolis cops fired in death of George Floyd - Rolling Out , , , ,
The horrible part about George Floyd dying as well is that they tried to lie and say he ’ s dying from a drug overdose they making up a narrative already to justify killing him
Some people are saying spectators should have intervened as the police officers in Minneapolis killed George Floyd . Do you honestly think spectators could have intervened without being shot by `` threatened '' police officers ?
George Floyd .
My heartfelt sympathy and condolences goes out to Floyd ’ s family . May your heart find comfort and peace . RIP BLACK KING !
4 Minnesota police officers fired after death of George Floyd , black man seen pinned down in video
( Video taken at 5:45pm but would n't upload due to service issues ) . Sound of motorcycles revving sends crowd at George Floyd protest running , many confused or scared by what 's happening . Motorcyclists actually there in support of protest/march .
Rest in enteral power Ahmaud Arbery Breonna Taylor George Floyd . Forever in our hearts and always to be remembered . Highest of condolences to the families and to those effected . Give these names power .
I do n't know the circumstances leading to George Floyd 's death but I think when there 's one suspect on the ground surrounded my several cops , cops do n't have to be too aggressive . Search the suspect and cuff them . Get them off the floor . They may be innocent . Sorry wo n't suffice .
RIP George Floyd
An Open Letter to George Floyd 's Murderer via
Ok so George Floyd was murdered . Point blank period . I do n't care what he did or did n't do . These cops should n't just be fired . They need to have the book thrown at them
Friends , Family Members Reeling Following George Floyd 's Death
George floyd : i ca n't breathe r.i.p
A man did n't die while being arrested . ABLACKMANWASMURDEREDBYPOLICEWHILEHEBEGGEDFORHISLIFE . Say his name : George Floyd
The fact that this is happening in Minnesota as well saddens me . Rest In Peace and justice for George Floyd .
People are gathering at Houston ’ s Emancipation Park following the death of George Floyd . Friends told us he grew up in the third ward and once lived on Nalle Street
Minneapolis police officers terminated after death of George Floyd via
The four officers were fired after a Facebook video of the encounter , which took place Monday evening , showed George Floyd telling officers that he couldn ’ t breathe via
The long parade of protesters continues along 38th St ( it 's been about half hour of a steady stream of protesters past one intersection ) carrying signs saying `` Justice for George Floyd , '' `` I ca n't breathe '' and `` Black Lives Matter . '' Follow for more .
Just to clarify : Central Park Karen is a cunt , a racist and animal abusing cunt and I hope her life is truly ruined after this . And the animals who killed George Floyd are racist pieces of shit who used excessive force to murder a man on camera and I hope they get charged as such
George Floyd
But doesn ’ t bring George Floyd back . Doesn ’ t stop them from putting a knee on his neck . Doesn ’ t stop them from pushing his last breath out . Doesn ’ t stop them from killing him . Right call , sure . But doesn ’ t help George now .
Just saw the video of George Floyd being murdered . What the actual fuck are we doing ? How is this behavior acceptable from Law enforcement ?
It ’ s amazing to me that people can see the video of George Floyd being murdered by police in broad daylight and think to themselves , “ you know what we need ? More laws that the police get to violently enforce . ”
Today , I would like nothing more than a cutty bag from the corner store on my block , a hug from my brother , and for people to stop posting police brutality videos on the TL . Rest in peace , George Floyd .
Disgusting pieces of shit , these 4 `` police officers '' killed a black man ! Cops killing a man for forgery , wtf ! Sick of these fucking cops who think they can do what they want ! RIP Mr. Floyd !
The 4 cops who murdered George Floyd in Minneapolis should not only be jailed but given death penalty ! This man was in handcuffs and should have been taken to police station instead of killed by these thugs dammit
Anyone I interested in sending an email to the DA of Hennepin County ( where George Floyd was murdered ) and request that those 4 officers go to jail and not just be fired here ya go
In light of the George Floyd incident , check out this song by written as a response to the Ahmaud Arbery incident . And as a final note ...
George Floyd was murdered by two Minneapolis police officers , their names being Derek Chauvin and Tou Thao . Everyday there ’ s a video surfacing of a person of colour being murdered in cold blood , fuck these racist people .
Top story : 4 Minneapolis police officers fired following death of George Floyd in police custody | FOX 9 Minneapolis-St. Paul see more
My heart is so heavy for George Floyd . So heavy . No words can describe the feeling , just tears . Another brother , son , and father taken away way too soon
Allies : we can amplify George Floyd ’ s unjust murder without showing tures and videos of it .
This George Floyd news is scary and sad at the same time .
I have n't stopped thinking about George Floyd all day . That was blatant murder and those cops need to be prosecuted . All of these racist cops get away with literal murder . That needs to stop .
Killing cops back got ta come into play at some point ... just literally watched them strangle dude while he handcuffed Rest In Peace George Floyd
RIP George Floyd
The man has a name , it ’ s George Floyd not “ black man ”
Next appropriate steps are 1st degree murder charges , guilty verdicts , & life in prison for all four . Reparations paid directly out of the killers ' pockets - & NOT by the Minneapolis taxpayers , as per many police unions - to George Floyd 's family or to charity would be great too .
I seen video of George Floyd getting killed by the Police & I honestly can ’ t unsee that image . So disturbing that this is really our reality everyday being African American . Smh . Rest In Peace
heres the mother phucker who killed George Floyd watch my tweets im doxing the whole familyDerek Michael Chauvin
Haven ’ t brought myself to watch the full George Floyd video because honestly I ’ ve seen enough to already know how it plays out , I ’ m really tired of seeing us getting killed on camera , when/how does this end .
one of the white officer who murdered George Floyd is a white supremacist , that alone should disqualify him as an officer of the law but the fact is also a white supremacist opens the door and gives License to enforce his white supremacy by murdering black men
MORE : Video obtained by CBS News shows what appears to be the start of the confrontation between George Floyd & Minneapolis police officers . A restaurant 's security footage shows cops taking him into custody , but the restaurant owner says it does not show Floyd resisting arrest .
Justice for George Floyd .
A statement from our President & CEO on death of George Floyd .
About 5x today I started to share thoughts on the murder of George Floyd and the incident involving Christian Cooper . I got stuck and deleted the post each time because I don ’ t know how to put these thoughts & feelings into words . And I don ’ t know if this is the right place .
NOTE ... what happened to George Floyd is what Amy Cooper hoped would happen to Christian Cooper .
Minneapolis Police Department Fires Four Officers Over George Floyd ’ s Death - The Wall Street Journal
I posted justin ’ s post about george floyd on my story and I ’ ve seen so many locals repairing it
I was discussing with my son ( 12 ) the Amy Cooper/Christian Cooper Central Park situation & murder of George Floyd . I asked his thoughts on the alleged 911 call on “ forgery in progress. ” He said : “ Forgery in progress ? ? Like , he was on the corner painting the Mona Lisa ? ? ”
⁦ ⁦ where is ur outrage for Floyd case : 4 Minneapolis cops are fired after video shows one kneeling on neck of black man who later died - CNN
I feel so bad for Mr. Floyd and his family . This cop gives good cops a bad name . I hope they charge Chauvin with murder one and federal charges . RIP
Protesters have started gathering at the corner of 38th St. and Chicago Ave. in Minneapolis where last night a man died while being arrested by police . Video of the incident shows a police officer pushing his knee into George Floyd ’ s neck for several minutes before he died .
As our statement says , Minneapolis PD must address the systemic racism & dysfunction that led to the unnecessary & horrific death of George Floyd . And while we welcome the news that the FBI is on the ground , DOJ should also conduct a civil rights investigation into this murder .
R.I.P to that man george floyd , i ’ m fuckin sick of this shit man ...
“ 4 Minneapolis Officers Fired After Black Man Dies in Custody . His name was George Floyd and it never should have happened .
Join me tonight at 6:30 , you can stream live on We hear from the family of George Floyd and we take a look at how watching videos with police encounters impacts our mental health .
‘ Being Black In America Should Not Be A Death Sentence ’ : Officials Respond To George Floyd ’ s Death
Not a word from Trump on the Minneapolis George Floyd murder .
George Floyd ... SAY HIS NAME ! ’ mthemotherofablackmale
RIP George Floyd , the system did another man dirty AGAIN
Just watched the video of George Floyd being murdered in broad daylight by police officers . WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK ? I am fuming . That ’ s so unacceptable . What the fuck is going on ?
For George Floyd . Sympathy to the Floyd family .
Never forget The Shelby , NC police Department bought Dylan Roof Burger King after he murdered 9 Black people in a Charleston Church . George Floyd was accused of forgery .. White Supremacy is rewarded ... Simply being Black is often times a death sentence in AmeriKKKa .......
Minneapolis Residents Protest the Death of George Floyd in Police Custody via
on 4 Minneapolis Officers Fired after the k ! lling of George Floyd goes viral~
Rest In Peace George Floyd
In a video , the man , identified as George Floyd , begs the policeman who presses his neck with his knee to let him breathe Read the full article :
I haven ’ t and won ’ t be able to watch that video or say anything novel about how awful this is but RIP to George Floyd , starting tight end on the ’ 92 Jack Yates team that made it to the state finals .
Our ancestors were lynched in broad day with a rope around their necks . Yesterday , we watched a Black man lynched in broad day with a knee against his neck . It won ’ t stop until they realize “ they got necks too. ” The murder of George Floyd is the straw that broke the camel ’ s back .
`` It was déjà vu all over again '' : Eric Garner ’ s mother Gwen Carr speaks on the death of George Floyd , who was seen pleading `` I can not breathe '' as an officer put a knee on his neck for several minutes Monday night .
Justice for George Floyd . - R.I.P . CALL TO ACTION : Call the DA ( Mike Freeman ) 612-348-5550 and demand for the pigs to be charged and arrested immediately .
George Floyd . Say his name . George Floyd . Say his name . George Floyd . Say his name . George Floyd . Say his name . George Floyd . Say his name . Rest in Power .
shirien.creates with ・・・ Content : . . Yesterday , in yet another act of anti-black police violence and racial injustice causing mass outrage , George Floyd yelled “ I can ’ t breathe ” and pleaded…
More video of George Floyd NOT resisting arrest ... piece of video still missing is when he is taken from storefront to a squad .... that will be the final piece of truth !
It 's disturbing to see George floyd unjustly murdered on police video , Jesus knows all about being an innocent minority treated like he does n't matter in this life ( Isaiah 53 ) He understands what we go through in this life , be encouraged , God sees it all
Those officers MUST be charged for murdering George Floyd ! !
His name is George Floyd , he was lynched on the streets of Minneapolis by police officers on the evening of May 25th .
How about arresting the police that killed George Floyd ? 4 Minnesota police officers fired after death of George Floyd , black man seen pinned down in video via
Two men have been murdered in day light crying “ I can ’ t breathe ” while being arrested . Eric Garner 2014 and George Floyd 2020. fucking sick
Protesters gathered at the scene where Minneapolis police arrested George Floyd . Floyd later died in police custody .
George Floyd deserves justice . The disgusting racial incivility we see must stop . This is n't liberal , this is n't conservative , this is a humanitarian disgrace .
After hearing about the murder of Ahmaud Arbery several weeks ago , then about George Floyd recently , it angers me to think that this continues to occur , even in broad daylight . We need to demand justice and hold their murderers accountable . THERE NEEDS TO BE CHANGE ! ...
1/2 Andrew Kearse stated 70 Times he could n't breathe and died in 17 minutes . Eric Garner stated 11 times he could not breathe and died . George Floyd repeatedly stated he could not breath and again he 's dead .
Long Live George Floyd
4 Minnesota police officers fired after death of George Floyd , black man seen pinned down in video So Cynthia Morgan Governor Wike
As I watched the video , read the information on the murder of GEORGE FLOYD , I cried . No Me , I cried . See I rarely cry and reserve my tears for the most deeply sad events of my life . Usually the loss of family & its been a while . I cried uncontrollably for GEORGE FLOYD !
RIP George Floyd
Friendly reminder Klobuchar is a senate representative from Minnesota pay attention to her response to George Floyd ’ s murder
After the graphic video circulated widely on social media , the mayor said in the afternoon that four police officers had been fired . He identified the victim as George Floyd . @ Minnesota
Four Minneapolis police officers have been fired for their involvement in the death of George Floyd , a black man who was held down with a knee as he protested that he couldn ’ t breathe , officials said Tuesday . The FBI is investigating the incident .
Tbh it was hard to work today . My heart broke when I saw George Floyd mishandled like an animal . I was livid watching Amy Cooper weaponize her whiteness to endanger Christian Cooper , a Black man , for telling her to leash her dog at the Ramble .
WE WANT MORE THAN TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT ... WE WANT CONVICTIONS ! ! Condolences to George Floyd ’ s family .
Why would he say “ don ’ t do drugs guys ” as the officer next to him is literally choking George Floyd to death . It ’ s disturbing how often police get away with this type of violence . They need to be arrested
Hundreds have gathered to protest the death of George Floyd after he was held down by police officers last night at this intersection . Gathers are demanding justice
GEORGE FLOYD like so many others deserve justice . CHANGE THE SYSTEM ! ! ! ! ! HOLD THOSE RESPONSIBLE AND STOP THESE ATROCITIES FROM CONTINUING ! ! ! !
Justice for George Floyd
Four Minneapolis police officers fired after death of unarmed man George Floyd > >
This guy literally killed George Floyd in front of the world . Smh he need to go to jail .
Minneapolis , the protest for justice in the murder of George Floyd .
Our conversation with Pastor this Monday can not come soon enough ! Please take time to read his honest and heartfelt response to George Floyd . There has to be change in our nation and it begins with us ! …
There is absolutely no reason this happened . He told that cop that he couldn ’ t breathe and he was ignored . George Floyd Died After Police Knelt on His Neck During Arrest | NowThis via
Ahmaud Arbery , Breonna Taylor , and now George Floyd and there are manyy more names : ( ( seriously ? ? ? when is this gon na stop ? ?
Absolutely keep shaming that cop that killed George Floyd but don ’ t forget to shame the cop who stood by and watched too .
Where are the police on ? A real black man , George Floyd , was murdered by the but Twitter wants to focus on Fictional person and a fictional Murder ? Get the F out of here .
I ’ d hate to get “ political ” or just really talk abt anything really controversial but this most recent act of police brutality really hit home for bc it happened in my hometown . This is George Floyd , his was murdered by Minneapolis Police Officers yesterday .
FBI Called In Over `` I Ca n't Breathe '' George Floyd Police Death , The Vide ... via
In case you think , oh , maybe this is far from anyone I know : I literally can not tell you how many times I have been at this intersection . George Floyd was our neighbor . Everyone is someone 's neighbor , but he was ours . He deserves justice . I wish the protesters safety & strength
Watching the video of a police officers knee on George Floyd ’ s neck until he died makes me sick . Our county is fucked on so many levels .
SORRY FOR THE LOSS OF YOUR OLDER BROTHER , MAY HE REST AT EASE AND THEM FAGGOT ASS POLICE ROT ON EARTH ! LOVE BIG BRO mr_floyd_dahood_gentleman
Rest In Peace : George Floyd .
3 white cops murdered George Floyd , a black man , while an Asian cop watched . Asian people really need to unpack their antiblackness . When we talk about white supremacy we often don ’ t focus on the nuances of how non black people of color contribute to anti black racism . 1/
That George Floyd video is actual murder
i am so so sick of seeing black people beg white police officers to not kill them . firing them for MURDERING someone is a slap on the wrist . they deserve life in prison . GEORGE FLOYD . Know his name . know he was murdered by cops .
After the graphic video circulated widely on social media , the mayor said that four police officers had been fired . He identified the victim as George Floyd . @ No Peace Without Justice
Stephen Jackson speaks about his friend , George Floyd . via
George Floyd
We got ta do better as a whole that George Floyd situation got me heated and I don ’ t even tweet my options but I got a soap box today cause what I just seen today was evil
George Floyd did not deserve to die . his death is another example of abuse of power from white cops . i am not black but i stand with you . this country NEEDS to change !
in the wake of the murders of George Floyd and Ahmaud Arbery i will say that in researching this piece , i came across seven cases of young men and boys - only because they matched the parameters i set forth - who were killed by police , and only one ever got any publicity
America really did George Floyd and Amy Cooper in the same day , huh
I ’ m so disgusted and saddened at this constantly happening ... RIP George Floyd
( Video taken at 4:30pm but would n't send due to service issues ) Crowd at the protest for George Floyd extends well down each block as people try to be socially distant .
Go fuck yourself if you feel the urge to criticize kneeling that isn ’ t this . George Floyd .
George Floyd must have justice . Does n't matter who killed him , they flat out murdered him . Just as any one of us civilians would be punished so should they . They were still rough with him even after he was pretty much dead . God please save us from ourselves .
GEORGE FLOYD ! ! ! ! !
Only on leave ? All involved in the open murder of Mr. Floyd should be in Jail
George Floyd
George Floyd RIP
George Floyd RIP . All 4 , please convict .
I ’ m just now really listening to the video and heard George Floyd cried out for his mom
I can ’ t bring myself to even watch that video of George Floyd .
`` I ca n't breathe ! ! '' Eric Garner `` I ca n't breathe ! ! '' George Floyd Maybe when a person is screaming `` I ca n't breathe ! ! '' what they REALLY mean is -- they ca n't breathe . And maybe that 's the perfect opportunity to stop what you 're doing and not murder them .
The next time I hear the US National Anthem played , I do n't care where or when or who I am with , I am going to take a knee to honor our Flag , to honor our Constitution , our Bill of Rights , to honor this man . His name was George Floyd .
Black person held down by cops : “ I can ’ t breathe ” Cops : * Ignore it , kill black man * Eric Garner . George Floyd . And all the victims who didn ’ t go viral . This is why Kaepernick kneels , you fucking idiots
George Floyd
The that stood by and refused to allow anyone to help George Floyd are no different than the one with his knee on his neck . They are all equally responsible for this murder . This is not a race issue . This is a communist government issue .
The murder of George Floyd is yet another travesty steeped in racism , heartless behavior , abuse and INJUSTICE . Grief and Anger ! ! ! .... and do n't say `` yeah but we do n't know the whole story '' OR `` there are two sides '' ..... JUST DO N'T ! ! ! Not Acceptable on any level .
This is the face of a murderer . murdered George Floyd . Statute609.185 MURDER IN THE FIRST DEGREE . ( a ) Whoever does any of the following is guilty of murder in the first degree and shall be sentenced to imprisonment for life :
George Floyd should still be alive in Minneapolis . Amy Cooper should have simply agreed to put a leash on her dog in Central Park . Racism in the United States is rampant , and we all have an important role to play in standing up against it . Loudly and fearlessly .
Absolutely heartbreaking what happened to George Floyd in Minneapolis , Minnesota !
that george floyd video literally gave me chills it ’ s always gon na be fuck 12 fr
George Floyd did not need to die . It just does not make any sense . NONE .
It was awful watching the video of the death of George Floyd at the hands of a Minneapolis police officer . I can ’ t get my head around what could ’ ve lead the officer to keep his knee on Floyd ’ s neck even after cuffing him . It seemed completely unwarranted .
wat a year so far . at this point , we getting killed for breathing . rip george floyd
Protesters gathered at Chicago Ave. and East 38th Street in Minneapolis after the death of George Floyd .
Rest in Peace , George Floyd . Dear Black Brethren , Be watchful , they still dont like us or give a fuck about us .
Our city of Minneapolis will not be well served until there is justice for George Floyd . As protests unfold , I pray that people give the journalists there to tell the story space and grace . Reporting and protesting injustice is difficult work .
Watch broadcast : : Minneapolis Responds To Police Murder of George Floyd
George Floyd RIP
it ’ s genuinely unacceptable that we as a community have to choose between rallying to demand justice for George Floyd or protecting ourselves in the midst of a pandemic
Stephen Jackson Speaks On Friend George Floyd Being Killed By Minnesota Police
His name was George Floyd .
4 Minneapolis fired after man dies in custody after-being-handcuffed 4 body/people 's cells did n't LIE . If Mr. Floyd was a they would 've performed CPR & ed 1st Responders to help . 4 makes it hard for community to trust them & harder for the protecting & serving .
There is literally no way to justify what those policemen did to George Floyd . I want them arrested !
Justice for George Floyd .
George Floyd died in with a policeman 's knee pressing on his neck while handcuffed , lying on the ground . How will God address ongoing injustice in America ? Would God damn America ? 7:30
My granny ’ s said she ’ s a 72 year old black woman raised in Birmingham , Al and that George Floyd video is the worse thing she ’ s seen in her life .
Day 71 of Corona-tine : GEORGE FLOYD - SAY HIS NAME
George Floyd death : Black US man dies after officer pins him down
imagine seeing what the police does every single day to poc and hearing the stories about george floyd and eric garner and michael brown and still dialing 911 and saying “ theres an african american man threatening me ” just to be dramatic and play victim how do you sleep at night
His name was George Floyd , and he was murdered . There is no justice without convicting and imprisoning his killer for life .
George Floyd ! I ’ m praying for your family !
Man who died after arrest in Minneapolis identified as George Floyd
Four Minneapolis Cops Fired Over George Floyd 's Death , Protests Erupt via Fired is not enough
So yeah , I 'm gon na need every AsAm who was super vocal about anti-Asian sentiment re Covid to stand up and make noise about Mr. Floyd 's murder while an AsAm just stood there and did nothing . You dont get to just be quiet , choose a side . You 're either with or against
I have friends who are probably outraged by George Floyd ’ s brutal death at the hands of the police . Some of those same friends also criticize athletes who kneel to peacefully protest police brutality . I don ’ t understand what they don ’ t understand .
Firing the officers that killed George Floyd is not enough ! We want .
CBS Evening News played video footage of George Floyd 's arrest caught by a restaurant 's exterior surveillance camera . What they showed sure looks like Floyd was cooperating and NOT resisting arrest .
RIP George Floyd
at a protest in Minneapolis after the police killing of George Floyd
George Floyd , murdered by the imperialist police force . He and Eric Garner suffered the same fate . Shared the same plea for help
FREE TREMAINE WILBOURN ! JUSTICE FOR GEORGE FLOYD !
Watch broadcast : : Minneapolis Responds To Police Murder of George Floyd
I won ’ t share the video of this man because it ’ s too painful to see someone .. not someone Floyd . A brother , a son , a friend who looks like me with the knee of a police officer on his neck begging for help . We are being hunted down murdered for the color of our skin .
I will not share the video of the killing of George Floyd , I also refuse to watch the whole thing as I do n't want to take in anymore trauma via video.The only video or photo I will share is that of the 4 ex-officers in handcuffs and standing before a judge .
Sean Douglas Baker thought it was a good idea to comment this under the video of the death of George Floyd . So we found where this guy lives and his business please blow this up and ruin his life .
I hope you close minded people can finally understand . It ’ s not about a flag or disrespect to anyone . It ’ s to protest these sorry fucks killing people without remorse just because they can . Rest easy , George Floyd .
Absolutely horrific , I ’ m so disgusted , justice for George Floyd
Know these names . Know their stories . George Floyd Breonna Taylor Ahmaud Arbery Know that for each of these people , there are thousands of stories that go untold . God , bring about justice , healing , peace - now and forever .
I watched the video yesterday . Bi-standers pleading for George Floyd 's life while the cops casually murdered him . America is a disgusting place .
Kaepernick is a true American patriot who stands for social change , who stands for equality across the board , who stands for paying the price for parity among all Americans -- who stands tall by taking a knee ! He kneels for people like George Floyd !
justice for george floyd . love to all of his friends and family as well as to anybody who had the great misfortune of witnessing the violent and brutal acts committed in that video . my heart is so heavy .
A ture is worth a thousand words . Being Black in America shouldn ’ t be a death sentence . They call us crazy . or say “ hey look we had a Black president ... racism is done. ” Nah it ’ s not ... RIP George Floyd ⁣…
I watched the entire 10 min video of George Floyd being killed by the cops and it ’ s heartbreaking .
It ’ s insane 3 officers were on top of George Floyd while the other officer told people watching not to do drugs . Smh
The protesters walking past my street is overwhelming . I am so saddened by the loss to our community of George Floyd .
Motherfucking superheros how much more blood on your hands before a change ? 4 Minnesota police officers fired after death of George Floyd , black man seen pinned down in video via
What happened to George Floyd is yet another example of heinous and unacceptable behavior towards Black people in this country . Until we all recognize this fatal flaw woven into so much of our daily life , it will only continue to happen .
R.I.P George Floyd Had to delete the video off my TL as it ’ s too distressing , I just HOPE justice will be done & the murderers will pay the price ! ! That video will be seen around the world , we know their faces
If you witnessed an incident such as the murder of George Floyd , are you just a bystander recording or are you taking action ? ? ? ? I really wan na know yalls opinion .
I can ’ t breathe ! I can ’ t put my head in the sand . I can ’ t say I didn ’ t see it . I can ’ t say I don ’ t feel it . Anger and disappointment . George Floyd ... RIP
BEST OF Bumper to Bumper Tuesday , May 26 : George Floyd , Paul Blume , Lou Nanne
George Floyd . I just do n't even know what to say .
RIP to George Floyd , ANOTHER black man unjustly MURDERED by a race soldier in Minnesota ! Blacks in that state have had issues with these race soldiers in the past . God bless every protester who is walking the streets right now ! I hope & pray George gets justice ! & all involved
This is beyond disgusting and horrifying , people chosen to uphold the law , kill innocents . George Floyd kept saying he ca n't breathe and this cop kept his kneel on him .
George Floyd . Minneapolis . MURDERED . Senseless and Heinous . This must stop . NOW .
What sayest thou Colin Kaepernick is banned from the NFL for peacefully protesting deaths like George Floyd 's .
George Floyd police killing Protest happening now in Minneapolis .
Yet another terrible incident in America involving a black man and a police officer When will these thing stop ? We send out love and condolences to George Floyd 's loved ones
R.I.P George Floyd
I ’ m not saying to embrace violence . I ’ m saying that the four officers who murdered George Floyd are now civilians .
This has to stop . IT HAS TO STOP . George Floyd did n't deserve to die .
'Crying all day ' : Couple who employed George Floyd mourns his death | FOX 9 Minneapolis-St. PaulWho are the cops involved
I am fr muting that hashtag and anything to do with George Floyd because that was too cruel , too inhumane , I watch that video and my heart breaks over and over again . Fuccc
If Mumia Abu Jamal came up from behind the cop murdering George Floyd and put a hole through the back of his head , he would ’ ve saved an innocent life at the cost of a guilty one . There . I said it .
what type of power hungry cold hearted psychopath do you have to be to keep your knee on someone ’ s neck while they literally beg you for their life . Didn ’ t ease up for one second even after he clearly passed out . Nothing short of harrowing RIP George Floyd I hope you find peace
Christ . Please cover the family of George Floyd during this difficult time .
The police officer who killed George Floyd should be charged with murder .
What happened to George Floyd is just complete nonsense , there 's no words . You can not believe how someone can treat someone elses humanity and life that way , just like that . Is heartbreaking and everything that 's wrong with the world . All the respect to his soul and family .
George Floyd
George Floyd was murdered .
RIP George Floyd . I pray his family receives peace that surpasses understanding , I pray they receive justice , I pray for their strength and positive support . Please pray for his loved ones !
You know what it 's like to be illegally searched for drugs you do n't have on you ? Black people & myself know this feeling every day . We are harassed by cops all the time . I have no police records related to drugs . Yet I have to deal with cops like the ones that murdered Floyd .
HOW MANY TIMES IS THIS GOING TO HAPPEN ? ! ! ! George Floyd : RIP : (
Four officers are fired for their actions that lead to the death of George Floyd . Amy Cooper is fired for falsely calling the police & saying that Christian Cooper was threatening her . THIS is what happens when people use their voices to speak truth to power .
Minneapolis officers involved in deadly arrest of George Floyd have been fired via
You goto jail too ! Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe .
R.I.P . George Floyd Stay woke
I 'm outraged at the tragedy that took place yesterday in Minneapolis as once again a black man died at the hands of the police . George Floyd should be alive today . We can ’ t look away while such injustice continues — accountability is a must .
GEORGE FLOYD . THATS HIS NAME ! THEY KILLED HIM !
Anti-Police Protests after murder of George Floyd in Minneapolis .
Those cops need to be tried for manslaughter . There needs to be justice for George Floyd . I do n't give a shit on what George Floyd was arrested for . These cops need to be tried .
‘ Please . Your knee in my neck . I can ’ t breathe. ’ Black man George Floyd died shortly after a Minneapolis police officer kneeled on his neck ( warning : distressing )
That George Floyd vid got me so angry
George Floyd .
-I should not have watched the George Floyd video .. I instantly felt sadness & then anger
Prayers for George Floyd ’ s family man smh ! ! !
I just saw the video of George Floyd ’ s murder by the Minneapolis Police . I am disgusted . I am sick and angry ! ! I ’ m fed up with all the HATE and LAWLESSNESS in this country . It ’ s out of control . Those cops are Monsters !
Police Officers Involved With Death Of George Floyd Fired
Four Minnesota cops fired after death of black man , George Floyd
The Frankens grieve for George Floyd and his family . The horror of this video speaks to the scope of brutal injustices suffered by people of color before they were captured by cell phone cameras . This is all so incomprehensibly tragic .
I keep thinking of that police guy with his knee on George Floyd 's neck so calmly and there 's no way he did n't know what he was doing . You ca n't for 3mins keep your knee on someone 's windpipe and expect them to breathe properly . Which makes me wonder if ...
This POS enjoyed every minute of taking George Floyd ’ s life .
Saving full take for column , but have watched ( rewatched ) Minneapolis Police Officer ’ s inappropriate use-of-force that contributed to George Floyd ’ s custodial death . Yes , Officer entitled to due process . Yes , need full accounting of facts . But , CAN ’ T be justified .
New : The attorney for George Floyd ’ s family just posted this comment on the 4 officers fired
george floyd your city failed you . we will remember
RIP George Floyd & God bless his soul ! Our thoughts and prayers are with his family
Rest In Peace , George Floyd . We ’ re gon na give them hell .
rip to George Floyd .
NEW : Video shows Minneapolis Police officers attempting to arrest George Floyd moments before his death
IS THE STRANGER I ’ D BE COMFORTABLE HUGGING , HE DOESN ’ T LOOK TERRIFYING can shove her shitty apology up her ass . I also want that police man who murdered George Floyd or treated the same way . Where ’ s the justice now a days ?
George Floyd , a black Minneapolis resident , was murdered by a member of the Minneapolis Police Department , while three other other Minneapolis police stood by and watched . They should all be arrested and charged with homicide for the murder of Mr. FLOYD . Ultimate Trump justice .
I ’ m so baffled by this George Floyd death . I just don ’ t understand why anyone would think it necessary to keep their knee on someone neck for that long ! !
I am heartbroken for George Floyd . He did not deserve death . What he deserves is swift justice . As much as it feels like a platitude , my love and prayers truly go out to the family of George Floyd . Yet another family in mourning .
Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe .
Well said Michael , George Floyd was brutally murdered in broad daylight . The officers responsible need to be bought to justice .
George Floyd was literally murdered on camera
I don ’ t know how you could watch that video without coming to the conclusion that : ( a ) that officer murdered George Floyd ( b ) there ’ s a level of cowardice or moral rot at the core of the MPD that three other officers would stand there without intervening
All that and a life lost over a forged cheque ? Smh . This shit is exhausting to watch over and over and over again .. RIP George Floyd
4 Minneapolis Police Officers Fired Over George Floyd Death
I don ’ t know how a single person could possibly justify what happened to George Floyd . He was murdered by a police officer . That ’ s it , that ’ s the story . and anything less than an arrest and conviction for the officers responsible is unacceptable
The sick feeling from seeing George Floyd dying on the street - I can ’ t shake it . Let ’ s remember he was loved and he mattered
George Floyd video is so fucking disturbing ...
I cant believe we live in a system where you can murder a person of color , on camera , in daylight , and people will still defend you . cops ain ’ t shit . JUSTICE for George Floyd . i am so horrified i want to vomit . FUCK ALL OF THOSE COPS WHO HELD HIM DOWN .
JUSTICE FOR GEORGE FLOYD !
omg my dad saw the george floyd video and he was so upset
Rest In Peace George Floyd We heard your cries and we cry for you . May God watch over and comfort your family .
This isn ’ t enough . Charged . Tried . Prosecuted . In that order . George Floyd should be alive .
What happened to George Floyd was senseless ! ! In America this should be strongly condemned ! ! !
My heart is broken over what happened to George Floyd . The injustice black american ’ s face on a daily basis is outrageous . How many more times can a white police officer kill an unarmed black person before something is done
I don ’ t have any words for Amy Cooper who threatened to have a man executed or the four police officers who murdered George Floyd . I ’ m just tired . Sick and tired of being sick and tired .
“ Murdered in cold blood ” - in a purposely ruthless and unfeeling manner , not in the heat of passion but calculated and deliberate , outside of the heat of of the moment . That ’ s what happened to George Floyd ( RIP ) . Treat the officer like the cold blooded murderer he is .
George Floyd Died After Police Knelt on His Neck During Arrest | NowThis via
Man I ’ ve seen some SHIT in my day but the George Floyd video is such a struggle to watch
This is the cop who shoved his knee into George Floyd 's neck killing him . Onstage at a Trump rally . With Trump . Amid wrong to think that every cop who 's a Trump supporter be fired ?
Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe . via
Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin cruelly puts defenseless black man George Floyd in a brutal chokehold until he died
Justice for George Floyd . Absolutely disgusting . I worked for years at my university 's union and old white ladies constantly tried to pay with bad checks . They did n't even get cops called on them .
George Floyd is yet another name added to the list of unjust EXECUTIONS of black men in America . They try to silence and invalidate social justice movements from BLM , Colin Kaepernick , and various others ... just for situations like this to keep happening . SMDH ... Rest In Peace
The people defending this cop for taking a knee won George Floyd ’ s neck are the same people who are happy Colin kaepernicks out the league .
The George Floyd case is pretty cut and dry . The officer should spend the rest of his life in jail .
I can ’ t even bring myself to watch the George Floyd video . It ’ s too hard . It reminds me of when I watched Eric Garner ’ s video and bawled crying after it . I ’ m emotionally exhausted by the world
Situations like George Floyd is exactly why yesterday when I met up with my friends in a parking lot I kept thinking a cop was gon na come and harass us & lead to the unthinkable smh .
PLEASE . If you know me and you claim to be “ cool with me or respect me ” . DO NOT TRY AND JUSTIFY THE POLICEMAN WHO MURDERED GEORGE FLOYD ... YOUR REPUTATION AND YOUR CHARACTER TO ME WILL FOREVER BE TAINTED . Period . Just block me NOW . You have to be twisted and sick to accept that
i feel fucking sick to my stomach reading about george floyd ’ s death . SICK .
Amy Klobuchar can fuck right off with her call to address the murder of George Floyd . Her record speaks so many more volumes than her one sound bite on this situation . Fuck her and fuck the damage she did to people in her time as a prosecutor .
So a little girl on my local news witnessed George Floyd 's death .... those clowns killed a man in front of young children .... many times this is a Black child 's first taste of law enforcement
RIP George Floyd
RIP GEORGE FLOYD , I Wan na Do Something But Idk How Far In The Hole We Are Now to be Doing Reckless Shit . PLAN PLAN PLAN .
Man this George Floyd video just has me blown . What the fuck ? Just ... blown .
This is HEARTBREAKING Video shows Minneapolis cop with knee on neck of George Floyd , who later died - CBS News
Wow ...... I just saw that video of George Floyd being MURDERED ... I am fucking sick to my stomach and if this doesn ’ t ENRAGE you , YOU ARE A PAOF THE PROBLEM WITH THIS COUNTRY .
Nobody should have to plead for his life , especially in police custody . We mourn the death of George Floyd with his family and all who knew him .
Cops killed George Floyd and all they got was fired ? They are also “ investigating ” in to it like there ain ’ t a whole tape .
4 Minneapolis Police Officers Fired Over George Floyd Death
Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe . via
“ And He said , “ What have you done ? The voice of your brother ’ s blood cries out to Me from the ground. ” Gen. 4:10 This brother , George Floyd , his blood is crying out . Folks ... why ? ? Where is our humanity ? I continue to do this work & I want to believe but ... why ? ?
George Floyd you didn ’ t deserve that . That was EVIL what “ They ” did
justice for George Floyd .
George Floyd should still be alive right now . With cruel indifference , his life taken from him by the knee of an officer on his neck -- even after he lost consciousness . This should never happen . Black lives matter . Statement from POCI caucus :
Everytime we as black people have an encounter with a police officer we must keep in my mind that we possibly may not see tomorrow .. it ’ s trauma . George Floyd was literally suffocated & ? murdered on camera in the streets .. bc a police officer was being hateful .
Along with the officers who allowed to murder Mr. Floyd !
So sad for the Floyd and Cooper ( Christian ) families . Also sad for Aimee and the 4 officers who killed George . Anyone who has any racist thoughts/feelings/actions is losing at life whether they recognize it or not , for no reason . They ’ re missing out on a lot and that ’ s on them .
Nah Rip George Floyd
JUSTICE FOR GEORGE FLOYD ! ——⠀
Hey why have n't the officers who MURDERED George Floyd been arrested ? If I squeezed the life out of someone with my knee , regardless of circumstances , I would be arrested . Hold them accountable !
4 Minneapolis police officers fired over George Floyd death : via
You ’ re a sad excuse of a human being if you think for even one second what the police officers were doing to George Floyd was in any aspect okay .
That officer needs to be tied to a chair and brutally tortured before being killed . He was n't restraining arrest . He was literally BEGGING for his life ! Firing him is n't going to bring George Floyd back ... More needs to be done .
RIP George Floyd . Amerikkka strikes again .
George Floyd was killed slowly , knowing it was happening and unable to do anything about it except plead for help , but be was ignored . His friend Vanita Williams had to watch the man she described as her big brother die in a completely avoidable event .
George Floyd .... 2020 getting behind outta pocket . We cant keep letting this slide mannnn . Thats all imma say . @ Baltimore , Maryland
4 Minneapolis Police Officers Fired Over George Floyd Death | HuffPost
Seeing George Floyd ’ s of Stephen Jackson ’ s IG ... I thought that was his brother at first before I read the caption ... dawg I have so much to say about this but I ’ m not sure if it will come out correctly ...
Another tweet that didn ’ t age well . The cop didn ’ t get along with George Floyd so he harmlessly put his knee with all his body weight on his neck until he died . I wonder what caused that hate . Couldn ’ t be racist tendencies , Noooooooo .
This George Floyd shyt got me hot
RIP George Floyd .
Okay I ’ m done screaming into the abyss . Rest in Power George Floyd . And i really don ’ t care what potential crime he did either .
George Floyd was mudered by a cop who knelt on his neck for 7 minutes while he repeatedly gasped that he could n't breathe and begged to be let up . We live in a white supremacist system and police are domestic terrorists that enforce the status quo .
The man , identified as George Floyd , was born and raised in Houston , his sister-in-law told the Chronicle .
The George Floyd story has shattered me . Im so sick of seeing balck people being murdered , I ’ m sick and tired ! ! ! !
At least he did n't give them time to retire .. Four Minneapolis police officers fired after death of unarmed man George Floyd via
I read multiple accounts of the George Floyd video , but didn ’ t feel like I had it in me to watch it today . I finally decided to and it changed everything . While it ’ s difficult , I encourage you to do the same . You can ’ t fully grasp it otherwise .
This is f * king horrendous & devastatingly heartbreaking . Police brutality like this is never warranted . They just ignored people telling them he was unresponsive and even pepper sprayed one bystander . We must demand justice for George Floyd .
In the year of 2020 of our lord & savior , I am an advocate of an eye for eye justice . George Floyd 's family should be allowed to designate an individual to do the same thing he did to Mr. Floyd to him ! ! !
George Floyd ... say his name ! Why I hate 12 now and stay out the way . My mouth , skin tone & my mindset would probably make me a hashtag . Shits ridiculous !
sick to my stomach man .. rip george floyd
RIP George Floyd ! We live in a wicked world . And Being black in america is a curse . @ Jonesboro , Georgia
The hurried investigation into Christian Cooper and George Floyd really says a lot about how many people in this country actually think there is a “ type ” of Black man that deserves not to be murdered and there is “ type ” of black man that deserves TO be murdered . It ’ s sickening .
I am saddened & disgusted by the disgusting show of racism that took place . I need firings , arrests , and sentences for these officers . They do not deserve to be on your force , and you KNOW this would n't have happened if George Floyd were a white man . Sickening .
Y ’ all want to pretend All Lives Matter but if they really did you ’ d be just as upset about the death of George Floyd as me . Truly sickened that this happened in my state . Truly heartbroken that this continues to happen in my country . WHAT THE FUCK AMERICA ? WHAT THE FUCK ? !
RIP George Floyd
that pig knew when George Floyd went unconscious . you do n't have your knee in someone 's throat and not notice when they quit struggling/talking/breathing . then the fucker stayed that way , just to make sure Floyd could n't be given cpr i guess
praying for george floyd family and sending so much love . this is horrible ..
George Floyd ’ s killers must experience the SAME knee-on-neck treatment until they beg and DIE !
White woman makes false accusation about Christian Cooper while talking to police while he records her . White Minneapolis police officer murdered George Floyd in broad daylight with camera rolling . And people wonder why pOC say White people are racist .
his name is george floyd .
I 'm glad people are reacting to the George floyd murder but if you really want to do something even though he passed the 1st step act which Obama put in place tell trump to take the shield of mass incarceration and ask why he did away with consent decrees which helps policemen
George Floyd - don ’ t forget his name . Ever .
The killing of Michael Brown that was ongoing genocide . The killing of India Kager that was genocide . The killing of Eleanor Bumpurs that was genocide . The killing of Michael Ellerbe ( 12 yrs old ) that was genocide . The recent killing of George Floyd that was genocide .
Full face photo of the Savage Animal with a Badge who took the life of George Floyd
George Floyd . Ahmaud Arbery . Breonna Taylor . Murdered . How will this madness stop ? ?
These murdering cops need to be arrested for what they did to George Floyd . This kind of needless death is heartbreaking to hear about . It does not even appear that he was resisting arrest . What kind of society are we living in ?
R.I.P George Floyd . I do n't know what he did , if anything to be put in the situation he was . Even so , no man deserves to die like that because of the color of their skin or because the `` peoples protectors '' had a bad day that day . Fucking unbelievable .
I saw the George Floyd full video . That was straight up murder in broad day light . Racism is getting stronger and bolder by the day , i give up on humanity .
`` Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died on Monday after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe . '' ( Trigger warning . )
PLEASE stop sharing the video of George Floyd . It ’ s incredibly distressing and we can respect him and say his name without sharing the video everywhere .
George Floyd was MURDERED by Minneapolis police ! Those 4 police officers being fired is NOT enough . They need to be charged with murder ! Point ! Blank ! PERIOD !
White supremacy is * also * the reason why many white and non-white people are highlighting Christian Cooper 's humanity and life but not George Floyd 's .
I can ’ t watch the video of George Floyd , because I ’ m still so haunted by the video of Eric Garner .
Four Minneapolis Cops Fired Over George Floyd 's Death , Protests Erupt via
Minneapolis cops involved in George Floyd killing fired | City Pages FIRED is not good enough !
George Floyd is dead bc the police would n't let him breathe over a forgery charge . It 's bad that the cop has his knee on his neck , but all the others on the scene doing nothing are just as responsible for letting it happen on their watch . Lots of serving but not enough protecting
The George Floyd video is one of the most heartbreaking things I ’ ve ever seen That cop needs to be arrested wtaf
If you have never witnessed a murder , you can go to YouTube and watch one ( allegedly ) . His name is George Floyd ....
Justice For George Floyd Minneapolis ai n't playing even during the pandemic .
4 Minneapolis Police Officers Fired Over George Floyd Death
Resting my soul for today . I hope tomorrow there are several arrests in the George Floyd murder case .
Everyone need to stop sharing that disgusting ass video of George Floyd being murdered . I understand that many ppl want to bring awareness to what happen to Floyd but video does nothing but continue to traumatize ppl .
What we know about Derek Chauvin and Tou Thao , two of the officers caught on tape in the death of George Floyd | Star Tribune
The Murder of George Floyd
The murder of George Floyd should have everyone wearing those blue uniforms in outrage & uproar .
“ I can ’ t breathe ” - George Floyd ... Eric Garner .... and who else ? Who next ?
I watched the George Floyd video and my heart is fucking broken
As a black-man it make you wish he deserved it because then the police did n't just do that to an innocent man . shout out breaonna Taylor . CBS Minnesota : George Floyd via
Pete Buttigieg weighs in on the killing of George Floyd in Minneapolis and on the video of Amy Cooper calling the police after birder Christian Cooper asked her to leash her dog in the Central Park Ramble , warning racism on display “ is systemic and it won ’ t change on its own . ”
Justice for George Floyd . Arrest his killers and hold them accountable . Firing them is n't enough . This was murder . In broad daylight . They knew they were filmed . He was handcuffed and on the ground . Arrest his murderers .
George Floyd Died After Police Knelt on His Neck During Arrest | NowThis via
The protest is in two groups—some are marching as others stopped on 38 Street East —George Floyd Protests continue in Minneapolis
The fatal arrest of George Floyd re-ignites the debate over what type of restraint is considered okay during an arrest . |
GEORGE FLOYD
do n't let your Black friends or colleagues be alone to express contempt and condemnation for the violent actions against an unarmed man that included the killing of George Floyd . Damn such contemptible men . And damn such cops especially .
George Floyd should be alive today . Unfortunately he was murdered by police in state , and she even refuses to call it murder because she , too , upholds a white supremacist criminal justice system .
Watch `` FBI Called In Over `` I Ca n't Breathe '' George Floyd Police Death , The Video Is INFURIATING '' by
FBI Called In Over `` I Ca n't Breathe '' George Floyd Police Death , The Vide ... via
Rest on George Floyd
I 'm NOT sorry about posting so much about George Floyd 's murder . If you truly care about people of color , if you say POC are your friends , then this is your issue too ! ! The officers who murdered him need to be arrested publicly . Black lives matter ! ! RIP King !
Look for any mention of either George Floyd or Chris Cooper in this man 's tweets , as of right now . He is , however , concerned about white women being called Karens .
George Floyd we are putting an end to white supremacy !
Watch broadcast : : Minneapolis Responds To Police Murder of George Floyd
My thoughts and prayers go out to the friends and family of George Floyd . No one deserves to go through the pain you are feeling right now . I 'm glad to see the police department has fired the officers involved , we must hold people accountable .
Four police officers were Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe .
Ahmad Aubrey was shot and killed on video . Amy Cooper made fake cries of despair to 911 in an attempt to ruin a man ’ s life , on video . George Floyd was suffocated to death by a Minneapolis cop , on video . Three black men . Now just imagine all the victims not captured on video .
George Floyd was Was murdered by the Minneapolis police department ! Nothing less than prison time for all four of the police officers would be justice !
I ’ m so tired of seeing our black men die
HOW ? WHY ? George Floyd Died After Police Knelt on His Neck During Arrest | NowThis via
Where the Mexican nigga warriors at today ? They ain ’ t said nothing about the cop killing George Floyd but was ready for war so they could say nigga .
Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe . via
Every single day this garbage can embarrasses all of us . He found time to insult on Memorial Day , did he find time to call George Floyd ’ s family ?
Cases like Amy Cooper or George Floyd 's will * always * exist , because people are fallible . It becomes a serious issue when the media continually skips over 100 Jaden T. Hayden 's to find ( for example ) each and every overly-aggressive white police officer with a black victim . ( 1 )
: Minneapolis Responds To Police Murder of George Floyd via
A reminder : What happened to George Floyd is what Amy Cooper hoped would happen to Christian Cooper .
The video of George floyd is beyond sad . America is such a fucked up country
George Floyd Protest in MSP : . : Minneapolis Responds To Police Murder of George Floyd
Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe . via
there are soo many ways to raise awareness without using the actual video / screeshots of George Floyd
So , Minneapolis , how do I know that you ’ ll continue to elect the same people who have let the school system go to hell , the police think that murdering George Floyd for a forgery call is ok , but ban plastic bags and drive thrus for your protection ?
George Floyd . His life matters . Black lives matter . I ’ m so sad .
it looks to me like a murder in progress . Disgusting footage and behaviour of so called officers . America you ARE going south , this is unacceptable .
is it okay to say that i am in love with this man ? but most importantly . what are we going to do ? between this and GEORGE FLOYD , i ’ m outraged . DO WE MARCH SOCIAL DISTANCE STYLE ? ? ? ? ? i ’ m not kidding .
George Floyd ; you suffered at the hands of white racism , we will fight in your name . Police brutality is an act of genocide against Black humanity . I 'm angry !
So this is America History has not and will not spare us 2014 - Eric Garner : “ I can ” t breathe ” 2020 - George Floyd : “ I can ’ t breathe ”
I 'm seeing some black folx on the timeline , seemingly , haranguing the community for its excitement about Chris Cooper and their `` silence '' about George Floyd . This is one space where being a storyteller comes in handy bc its obvious the community loves the Cooper narrative ( cont )
George Floyd ! I ’ m sorry
Hey those 4 cops better be going to jail just like Noor did and George Floyd ’ s family better receive the same $ 20 million payout that Justine Damond ’ s family got .
What exactly is being investigated ? George Floyd was publicly executed . In broad daylight . On a public street . While begging for his life . On video . Like what more are y ’ all looking for ?
Have any of those “ more good cops than bad cops ” cops condemned George Floyd ’ s murder ?
RIP George Floyd he ain ’ t have to die especially like that . Those cops were wrong for sure .
Minneapolis Police Department Fires Four Officers Over George Floyd ’ s Death - WSJ
Cop & Domestic Terrorist Derek Chauvin Murders George Floyd in Broad Daylight While His Partner Tou Thao Casually Watches ; Details on Chauvin ’ s History of Abuse & Him Never Being Disciplined ( Vids-Abuse Record ) via
I wonder what random video will surface of George Floyd to influence the public on why a man would kneel on him for 10 minutes . You know its about to happen so be ready for it . `` He stole a free marketing newspaper out of Food Lion back in February ! ''
It is not simply enough to `` not be racist . '' The only way to solve the racial inequality in our country is to be actively anti-racist . Today we saw what systemic racism is in the death of George Floyd and what it looks like to weaponize that system in the actions of Amy Cooper .
Justice for George Floyd .
Madonna Calls George Floyd Murder ‘ Most Sickening , Heartbreaking Thing I ’ ve Seen in a Long Time ’
. born on this day , wrote this for Amadou Diallo , killed in 1999 by police who fired 41 shots . Today we mourn George Floyd , Breonna Taylor , Ahmaud Arbery , and and and ... “ history repeats , so foul you can taste it . ”
Huge protest at site of George Floyd killing . It may not end peaceful as there is true anger and emotion .
His name was George Floyd . He was murdered by officers who did thought his Black life was disposable .
Shout out to black media for getting George Floyd photo our first .
George Floyd was MURDERED cold hearted by a bunch of cops
George Floyd is the latest African American ( unarmed ) to be MURDERED by the Police on Camera . Once again we and scream for justice we know is not coming . Only if there was a way to make White Cops STOP doing it ————————————————
Me . George Floyd , “ RIP , you were murdered by Officers of the Law , This must be brought to the full Justice ... May God give great strength to your people , friends & family a life cut short ,
4 Minneapolis Officers Fired After Death Of George Floyd !
That cop that killed George Floyd is fucked he wasn ’ t even holding him down anywhere else just had his fucking knee in his neck FOR WHAT like are you fucking kidding me how can their partners sit there and allow some shit like that I ’ m pissed
sending my best thoughts to all people of color right now and putting george floyd and his family in my prayers
Just saw George Floyd being murdered . Officers arrested immediately , kudos to Mayor . Still won ’ t bring George Floyd back .
Justice for George Floyd . The video I just saw is very disturbing .
As a black man in this world I am constantly torn . Today alone on my timeline I 've seen the terrible events surrounding George Floyd then the black man in DC punching out a cop and running from police while being cheered on by the community . What are we doing ?
This man was . He was by the while the scene was being filmed live . The officer had him pinned down , kneeling @ his neck . A shocking . He didn ’ t need to die . Karma spares no one .
That george floyd shit just blew me & the shit that made me even more hot is the COON in the background sayin “ you shoulda listened “ BLACK PPL I AM HERE TO TELL U WE HAVE NO HOPE
I can ’ t get over how this monster stood on George Floyd ’ s neck for over three minutes . I can ’ t get over seeing a pool of blood coming out of his nose . I can ’ t get over hearing him say he can ’ t breathe .
Just at a loss for words . Disgusted . His name was George Floyd .
George Floyd .
The George Floyd story and video is heartbreaking . America is a nightmare for black people .
the cops that murdered George Floyd have been fired . but when are they also going to get arrested ? hopefully soon !
my greatest fear is that people see what happened to George Floyd and think “ oh no , that ’ s horrible ” & then take no action .
George Floyd via
George Floyd is the latest African American ( unarmed ) to be MURDERED by the Police on Camera . Once again we and scream for justice we know is not coming . Only if there was a way to make White Cops STOP doing it ————————————————
Justice for George Floyd !
George Floyd ’ s unjust death spurs called for justice in Minneapolis . We ’ ll tell you the details on today ’ s RELEVANT Daily .
I just watched George Floyd ’ s video and as sensitive as it is I think everyone should watch it . The lack of empathy from the cops as he looses consciousness shows there ’ s something VERY wrong .
Police Officers Involved With Death Of George Floyd Fired
A few years ago it was Eric Garner in New York . Now it is George Floyd in Minnesota . When is this violence by police against minorities gon na stop ? ! !
This isnothing but a filmed murder ! Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground ... via
Wow ! The gates of hell has opened . Sean Baker Sr says it was glorious to watch the murder of George Floyd .
Shit is sad what happened to George Floyd . The time is now where every black person in America needs several guns to protect themselves from white supremacy they out there .
Karen , ask George Floyd 's family about someone 's life being destroyed .
Pro-life also means righteous rage at citizens shooting and killing Ahmaud Arbery and police officers suffocating and killing George Floyd .
George Floyd
Justice for George Floyd .
As soon as I watched the video of George Floyd ... I cried for a good 30 minutes . I could n't stop , it was so much built up emotions for all the precious souls we 've lost . This is traumatizing for the black community . it is non stop trauma . My soul continues to ache .
That video of George Floyd being killed is traumatic .
George Floyd was a human race problem . How you gon na execute someone like that knowing you ’ re being filmed ?
Trying to avoid watching the video of ’ s execution on my timeline but couldn ’ t help but catch the look of indifference on the police officer ’ s face as he stepped on Mr. Floyd ’ s neck . Reminder that the cost of racism to white people is the loss of their humanity .
George Floyd is the latest African American ( unarmed ) to be MURDERED by the Police on Camera . Once again we and scream for justice we know is not coming . Only if there was a way to make White Cops STOP doing it ————————————————
I do n't know what else happened but the officer who had his knee on Floyd 's neck could face criminal charges . He has to be charged with the right crime or he could walk . Maybe manslaughter . The police department as a whole could face a civil lawsuit from Floyd 's family .
George Floyd was murdered by that cop . It does n't matter what he did to get arrested .
I 'm kind of amazed at the number of prominent national Democratic politicians who have not yet said the names George Floyd or Chris Cooper in their tweets , nor , in some cases , even tweeted about either horrific event .
I ’ m just getting on social media today and man I can ’ t help myself but this George Floyd shit really bothered me , it ’ s rough being a black man
BREAKING ..... Racist supporting `` officers '' who killed George Floyd will be invited by to be the guests of honor at the weekly Sunday night basement KKK potluck dinner hosted by Stephen Miller .
After watching the video of both Amy Cooper and George Floyd . All I can say is , my heart is broken
The killing of George Floyd in Minneapolis . The racism on display in Central Park . This can ’ t just continue to be a day in the life in the USA . This is systemic and it won ’ t change on its own .
George Floyd . Freddie Gray . Eric Garner .
George Floyd was murdered and if you think otherwise please fucking unfollow then go FUCK YOURSELF AFTER . How do you losers live with yourself hating every fucking person ?
was murdered . One officer murdered him . The other officers were accessories to that murder . Prison is the necessary punishment for all . Loss of employment is not enough . Whatever hardship that presents , they are still alive . George Floyd is not .
George Floyd
RIP George Floyd Fux the Police ! ! !
GEORGE FLOYD
Four Minneapolis Cops Fired Over George Floyd 's Death , Protests Erupt via
Truthtellers , some truth ... .The Minneapolis police officer shown on video kneeling on George Floyd 's neck as Floyd pleaded for help , along with another officer who stood by and watched , …
George Floyd didn ’ t deserve that .
his name is George Floyd , say his name and bring him and his family justice . this HAS TO STOP !
IS YOUTUBE TRYING TO SILENCE ME ? ! ? MY ORIGIN STORY MUTED ! THE MURDER OF GEORGE FLOYD AND MORE ! ! ! -
Minneapolis Police Department Fires Four Officers Over George Floyd ’ s Death
Fucking over-proteined amoral assholes who become police officers because they do n't know how to do anything else . And then they get their rocks off subjugating people because THEY 'RE the authorities . It 's fucking disgusting . Fuck you . RIP George Floyd
What happened in Minneapolis is unacceptable ! The officer kneeling on Mr. Floyd 's neck should be charged with murder .
Murder is not a . George Floyd was by a Minneapolis police officer . and the police officer needs charges . Badges do n't grant special rights to murder .
George Floyd did n't get to see another day , while Christian Cooper got saved thanks to his decision recording Amy Cooper 's racism on display . Being black in America , you 'd have to be careful bc someone might try to use your skin as a target for evil .
4 Minneapolis Police Officers Fired Over George Floyd Death : Four Minneapolis law enforcement officials have been fired Tuesday following the dying of George Floyd , a Black man who died on Monday after an officer kneeled on his neck…
It ’ s heartbreaking to see yet another life destroyed by those who wield power & authority with malice & hate rather than care & compassion . George Floyd deserved better , & the cowards who ended his life must face justice .
All four of the cops involved with George Floyd death were all fired from their jobs .
4 Police Officers Fired Over George Floyd Death
Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe . via
Just more good ol ' 2020 . Why ca n't we grow beyond this ? ! ? ‘ Please . Your knee in my neck . I can ’ t breathe. ’ Black man George Floyd died shortly after a Minneapolis police officer kneeled on his neck ( warning : distressing )
Dear George Floyd and every other black family in the world , I ’ m sorry we can ’ t be black and not have to worry about a family member or friend being safe because of…
Oh my God . I just saw the abridged video of the police killing George Floyd . It was , by far , the most horrifying footage I 've ever seen , I almost threw up . Why do we tolerate this ? When are we going to hear Presidential candidates talk about ending police brutality ?
Say his name . George Floyd was murdered by two cops . How many times will black people get killed until proper action is taken .
RIP George Floyd
George Floyd . Another black man murdered while in custody of police . Why does it all too often end this way ? Mere susion of a crime is not a death sentence . Unless you ’ re existing while black , apparently . Say his name . This must stop .
Good they are fired but George Floyd is dead forever . This has got to stop yesterday !
“ Being black in America shouldn ’ t be a death sentence. ” R.I.P George Floyd
george floyd , grew up in third ward in houston . he moved to minnesota to start a new life only for it to be ended unjustified by 4 horrid “ officers ” . dont forget his name . dont forget his last words . dont forget that it took 4 people to murder him . this breaks my heart
He seems to be enjoying killing this man . I don ’ t care what George Floyd did it ’ s so difficult to watch the man die . The officers who are watching and do nothing to help him are equally responsible . They should all go to jail , firing them is not enough .
The hate needs to stop ! ! The senseless killing needs to stop ! ! Justice for George Floyd and all others that have been brutally killed for no reason ! ! We need to hold these people accountable and convict them ! !
they said george floyd was from houston just looking for a better life up north smh .. peace and blessings to his family
4 Minnesota police officers fired after death of George Floyd , black man seen pinned down in video
Those 4 police officers should be charged with murder ! ! ! ! WE NEED JUSTICE FOR GEORGE FLOYD !
Breaking : Murderers of George Floyd receives penalty for crime
Once I saw that video of George Floyd this morning I haven ’ t been right since . That man was MURDERED . I ’ m sick right now . I can ’ t get his voice pleading for help , crying for his damn mom out of my head . This shit needs to stop .
I call it how I see it . That Minneapolis Police Officer murdered George Floyd and should be prosecuted . His partner is just as bad .
We ’ ve seen evil today . In light of day Our statement as legislators of color and Amer Ind legislators The Public Comte Comte I chair has been trying to address this We ain ’ t stopping Rep. Carlos Mariani - POCI Caucus Statement on the Death of George Floyd
I can ’ t even watch that video of George Floyd being killed by police . It honestly breaks my heart .. those men deserve to rot in jail .
G is for George Floyd who was murdered for trying to buy groceries
Repost from ( 1 ) Now you can see exactly what all 4 were doing . They handcuffed George Floyd put him on his stomach , which is dangerous all by itself , then put over 500 pounds of pressure on him , including directly on his neck , until he literally died .
My point is - at one point in my life , maybe , it might not be SUPER far-fetched for ME to have been that cop who killed George Floyd . You think `` I would never , '' but when you 're scared , you have power , when systems back YOU up every time ? This is what is hard to grapple with .
Rest In Peace George Floyd . This country is broken
It 's worth noting that one can draw a straight line between the brutality exacerbated by Joe Biden 's racist crime bill and the knee of the murderer on the neck of George Floyd . I will never vote for this . Never .
George Floyd 's death is indefensible . End of discussion .
Our statement on the death of George Floyd in Minneapolis
and the murder of George Floyd by four white officers actually makes me feel shame as a white person . I don ’ t want these people to be associated with any part of the human race
Both of the in that and any others at that scene who did NOT do anything to stop that clear and obvious need to be brought up on charges and I 'll accept nothing less . His name is George Floyd .
Absolutely unreal . Words are useless . When will enough actually be enough ? I am sorry , George Floyd . You did not deserve those horrific final moments of your life . Christ , have mercy .
They had George Floyd handcuffed and then kneeled on his throat ? If this does tilt in the officers being arrested then the public needs to protest till they are .
I really shouldn ’ t have to keep doing this ... RIP George Floyd . @ Boise , Idaho
I see many people saying that George Floyd was a “ good man ” who worked in a shelter . That ’ s great , but here ’ s the thing : I don ’ t care if George Floyd was a “ bad man ” , who was on drugs and murdered my daddy ! Whoever he was and whatever he did does not negate
It took about 3 months to arrest Armaud Arbery 's murderers - the murderers of George Floyd are still not arrested yet . These delays are perhaps designed to gin up black anger , and use it as a tactic to make black people look irrational/scary/guilty .
Those cops who murdered George Floyd should be charged with murder and they should go to jail for the max sentence - just like everyone else ! when you have your knee on somebody ’ s neck for 7 to 9 minutes that ’ s not like an impulse - you ’ re in there killing someone DELIBERATELY !
Ngl this George Floyd situation got me fucked up
Fucking pissed Justice for George Floyd
I wonder if those who participated in will voice their concern over George Floyd . You all went silent when confronted with the killing of Breonna Taylor . You said nothing when Tamir Rice , a child was gunned down .
George Floyd was murdered on tape in broad daylight and his murderer still isn ’ t arrested , that is the reality of being black in America .
mrchuckd_pe ・・・ We need to call Mike Freeman and demand justice for George Floyd ( 612 ) 348-5550 If it ’ s busy keep calling . ... .... ... …
Say his name ! ! ! George Floyd : Authorities investigate death of Black man pinned to ground by Minneapolis police
George Floyd was not resisting arrest . How long will these types of excuses for unprovoked violence against black men be accepted by society ? How much video evidence is needed before these 4 * former * officers are arrested for murder ?
RIP George Floyd
A video shows an officer kneeling on George Floyd 's neck while he begged for help . The Houston native was reportedly in Minneapolis for work . Four cops were fired.Dem mayor _ Dem Governor
No , the right call would have been `` officers involved in the murder of George Floyd have been arrested . ''
Minneapolis cops MURDERED George Floyd by slowly cutting off his airway . People wanted to help but we all know why they couldn ’ t . Racists like Amy Cooper who use the cops to scare BLACK men & POC are why Kap kneels and we are all terrified .
the george floyd video has ruined my night and made me so upset . it hurts my heart to see our black men being mistreated like this .
‘ Being Black In America Should Not Be A Death Sentence ’ : Officials Respond To George Floyd ’ s Death – WCCO | CBS Minnesota
You stop restraining an arrestee when the threat is stopped . George Floyd was NOT . A . THREAT . George Floyd was compliant even when he COULD NOT BREATHE .
' I Ca n't Breathe ' : Man Killed In MPD Arrest Identified As George Floyd via
1/4 RIP George Floyd . Watching the video makes me sick to my stomach and want to cry at the same time . It ’ s so disgusting . I can ’ t imagine what it was like being him or being one of the witnesses basically begging the police to stop what they were doing and feeling so helpless .
Say his name : George Floyd
Murder mosquitoes , not people like George Floyd .
RIP George Floyd this shit is so draining
4 Police Officers Fired After A Black Man Dies In Minneapolis Police Custody . ( `` Our community continues to be traumatized again , and again and again . '' ) RIP George Floyd .
I am so disgusted with this . it ’ s not okay . it needs to stop . the police officer murdered George Floyd in broad daylight knowing damn well he was being watched and recorded . this just is sickening .
: Minneapolis Responds To Police Murder of George Floyd
George Floyd was murdered ON CAMERA , with MULTIPLE EYEWITNESSES yet somehow no arrests have been made
George Floyd case : 4 Minneapolis cops are fired after video shows one kneeling on neck of black man who later died - CNN The firing of these cops is only a start . Now press charges .
Murder charges better follow ! The police are all too comfortable killing unarmed black citizens ! May George Floyd rest in power and peace . My love goes out to his loved ones and the African American community .
His name is George Floyd and this police officer must be charged with murder . How can someone be so evil ?
4 Minneapolis Police Officers Fired Over George Floyd Death May God shower his soul with mercy . And may these criminals receive the harshest punishment possible .
The George Floyd story really is sad these cops are outta line ... that officer was on his neck a whole 8 minutes and he telling them he cant breathe , and yet he still on his neck even when he died tf wrong w people , really pissed me off .
Nope . These officers should be in jail charged with murder . This has to stop now ! ! ! GEORGE FLOYD KILLED BY MINNEAPOLIS POLICE ( VIDEO INSIDE ) ! ! ! - YouTube
“ I can ’ t breath , they gon na kill me. ” If the video wasn ’ t enough to show the depth of human depravity , the final words of this dying human being is deeply haunting . His name is George Floyd , he was murdered as witnesses watched in horror .
Video shows Minneapolis cop with knee on neck of George Floyd , who later died - CBS News
R. I. P George Floyd So painful to die under a knee of a lawless bum .
When you pass out you don ’ t die immediately . People get choked out in MMA all the time N don ’ t die . That pig sat his knee on George Floyd ’ s neck even after he passed out so there was zero chance he was resisting at that point . Straight up murder .
Wow ! Not again .... His name was George Floyd and my heart is broken again .
such a sad day man . I hope George Floyd ’ s family is strong through these tough times and i hope they get justice .
Everyone is talking about today because of Christian Cooper and George Floyd . But this is an every day occurrence ... for example , this is the scene at a 4 way stop just outside of Portland , Tx every weekend . The “ heritage ” of hate and the past is all around us ...
Four Minneapolis Cops Fired Over George Floyd 's Death , Protests Erupt
His name is a George Floyd
After watching the George Floyd video , I am 100 % in support of 'FUCK THE POLICE ! ! ! '
that video of Derek Chauvin kneeling on George Floyd ’ s neck with his partner Tou Thao allowing it to happen has deeply upset me . CONVICT these two with the death of George Floyd . anything less will be ANOTHER gross injustice for the black community .
RIP George Floyd . I ’ m trying to summon the words to express the horror , injustice and brutality but I ’ m at a total loss . I feel sick and sad . “ Being black in America should not be a death sentence . ”
4 Minneapolis police officers fired as FBI investigates George Floyd ’ s death
The fact of the matter is , BEING BLACK IN AMERICA IS A DEATH SENTENCE ! STOP FUCKING KILLING US ! ! ! ! 'Being Black In America Should Not Be A Death Sentence ' : Officials Respond To George Floyd 's Death
White supremacy rears its head yet again . Yesterday , George Floyd ’ s actual * life * was destroyed . So yeah , Amy , boo-hoo about your career .
I really did not need to see that still of George Floyd being murdered on my Twitter feed . I feel sick .
not enough , they need jail time ! ! ! ! ! ! that officer KILLED George Floyd
RIP George Floyd . JY Lion 4Life Justice4George
The Cop who killed George Floyd was a trump supporter ? What a fucking loser
No justice , no peace for George Floyd Matters .
Firing is good , but not enough . The 4 Minneapolis police officers must be arrested and charged because they MURDERED George Floyd .
Today is Tuesday , so it 'll be late Wednesday or Thursday morning when we 'll hear about how its George Floyd 's own fault that he 's dead .
If Trump can be vociferous in calling Kaepernick a SOB for kneeling for the Anthem and killing the NFL season ... but totally silent when Minneapolis PD knelt on George Floyd 's neck and killed HIM ... you know what to do in November .
Within 24 hours , a woman goes viral for trying to use a black man ’ s race against him with the police , and news breaks about the assassination of George Floyd by police officers . When will we accept that this racist system can ’ t be saved ?
Rip George Floyd ... that video made my chest hurt
Rest In Peace George Floyd
What happened to George Floyd is exactly why I have no sympathy for Amy Cooper .
African American Leadership Forum ( AALF ) statement about the murder of George Floyd -
Rest In Peace George Floyd
Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died on Monday after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe .
The white man to the left seen approaching a police officer with his hand on a gun is still alive today , george floyd who was already in custody and laying on his stomach is not . . . . That 's america
So about this jury selection in the George Floyd murder case .....
GEORGE FLOYD RIP ’ s last words to cops as they murdered him : `` I ca n't breathe , please , the knee in my neck , I ca n't move ... my neck ... I 'm through , I 'm through . ''
deep it , police brutality is the 6th leading cause of death in young black men in the U.S .. the fucking 6th ? rest in peace George Floyd
When people like Amy Cooper call the cops on black men for just existing in this world , those cops are prone to take that existence away . Like they did to George Floyd . Even while he was pleading for his existence . Even as witnesses begged for his existence . They took it anyway .
Rip George Floyd
are you FUCKING kidding me ? those police officers better be in prison . George Floyd did not deserve to die , and not at all in that horrible way .
my thoughts are with george floyd and his family tonight ...
Mannnnn what happened to George Floyd is murder . This is so sad .
The death of George Floyd has shaken me to the core . It doesn ’ t make any sense that police officers aren ’ t being punished for these kinds of acts . We don ’ t want them just fired , we want them charged and arrested ! !
can someone explain to me why the cops that murdered George Floyd were just fired ? why are they not the ones in handcuffs ?
“ George Floyd tragically lost his life ...... ”
Rest in heavenly peace George Floyd
George Floyd died at the hands of a white police officer . Christian Cooper 's well-being was threatened by a white woman making false allegations against him . White supremacy needs to be terminated . Black lives matter .
4 officers involved in the murder of George Floyd have been fired . Now , put them in prison .
George Floyd
i kkkant breathe i kkkant breathe i kkkant breathe when prejudice and HATE mixed with stereotyal FEAR turns DEADLY ... we have terrorism . Rest in Peace , George Floyd Rest in Peace , Eric Garner Rest in Peace
This George Floyd told this officer several times he could not breathe . He kept his knee on his neck .
George Floyd was murdered by Minneapolis police Officer Derek Chauvin whilst Officer Tou Thao chose to do nothing about it . Absolute scum of the earth ! !
And if she had succeeded in her efforts , there ’ s a real possibility he could have ended up like George Floyd . All because she felt privileged .
I ’ m yearning for a black American Revolt and uprising . George Floyd should not have died the way he did . Fucking racist cunts . They can all do life in MAX
RIP George Floyd . When will innocent people stop being murdered and mistreated because of the colour of their skin .
George Floyd case : 4 Minneapolis cops are fired after video shows one kneeling on the neck of a man who later died . The self-entitled racist Karens along w/ racist and abusive police cont . to harm and murder black people . Yes , it ’ s murder not an accident
George Floyd is the name of another black man I now know and will remember and it is extremely telling how many names of black men in particular I did n't need to know but now do . Our institutions are racist and violent and it is not just from a series of coincidences .
MAY YOU REST IN PEACE George Floyd what is our world coming to it breaks my heart hearing this
any white person that doesn ’ t get why Colin Kaepernick kneeled during the National Anthem , George Floyd is the epitome of why he kneeled .
This shouldn ’ t be happening ! ! ! ! Another life lost due to the police . Say his name GEORGE FLOYD and be aware that police haven ’ t learned even after Eric Garner . They need to put in jail .
Minneapolis Police Department Fires Four Officers Over George Floyd ’ s Death
That George Floyd video is just heartbreaking . I ’ m not even angry anymore just tired . I ’ m so fucking tired
George Floyd .
4 Minnesota police officers fired after death of George Floyd , black man seen pinned down in video - ABC News - via
Protests and marching in Minneapolis for George Floyd .. for blocks
Yes iam black but in the darkness are you white ? Justice to floyd disappointed
Bruh George Floyd aint deserve dat shit mane . .
I should never have watched that clip . I thought I was desensitised to this by now , but the murder of Floyd in broad daylight has shook me . Fuck the police and fuck anyone who thinks that this can EVER be justified . There is no room for discourse . Murder is murder , period .
`` Rush to judgement ? '' . We witnessed the murder of George Floyd . A slow , deliberate , cold-blooded fucking murder . Now is not the time to circle the wagons . You need to call out this crap or lose all credibility . Y'all are fucking sick .
literally . LITERALLY the Eric Garner situation all over again . rip George Floyd
George Floyd should still be alive .
George Floyd say his name .
Candace Owens is a clown . George Floyd was MURDERED while handcuffed on the ground . Firing the officer was step one , criminal charges better be up next .
So the police officers that killed George Floyd got paid leave ? ? Killing people on camera really does n't have consequences huh as long as you 're white
Remember the `` I ca n't breathe '' protests for Eric Garner 6 years ago ? Today we 're chanting the exact same words for George Floyd When will black lives actually matter ?
Big turnout to protest the police killing of George Floyd .
The black man 's name was George Floyd . You at the ca n't even bother to say his name . Screw you
4 Minneapolis police officers fired following death of George Floyd in police custody | FOX 9 Minneapolis-St. Paul
being informed officer 1087 Derek Chauvin and officer 7162 Tou Thao have families but so did George Floyd
rest in piece george floyd
This is George Floyd . He was murdered by the Minneapolis Police Department yesterday . Officer Derek Chauvin had his knee on the back of his neck for at least 5 minutes , while George was screaming , “ I can ’ t breathe . ”
4 Minneapolis police officers fired following death of George Floyd in police custody | FOX 9 Minneapolis-St. Paul
Multiple Cops Fired After Horrifying Video Showed George Floyd 's Last Moments Alive
Man , George Floyd was a person of peace sent from the Lord that helped the gospel go forward in a place that I never lived in . He and other OGs gave us passes in neighborhoods I had no business being in . Maranatha .
You already know Candace Owens and Brandon Tatum are writing their think pieces on why George Floyd deserved to die
. and on the Killing of George Floyd
Justice for George Floyd , I ’ m tired of seeing these fucking pigs harassing & killing innocent black people day by day , it ’ s time we must fight back the corruption of those shitty fucking pigs
George Floyd wasn ’ t shot . But , sure .
Rest In Peace George Floyd
Another disgusting murder . Let his name be known . GEORGE FLOYD . Follow who I reposted this from , & drop a comment when you get her book THE ALGORITHMS OF OPPRESSION .
i don ’ t get why i see a hashtag for a murdered black person everyday . i don ’ t get why nothing ’ s changing . i ’ m so sorry for floyd ’ s family . this is so disheartening . rest easy floyd , you won ’ t be forgotten , we won ’ t go unheard .
George Floyd
So , I ’ m breaking my boycott to see if he covers : 1 . George Floyd ’ s murder 2 . Amy Cooper 3 . Shaun King and the Daily Beast article . What y ’ all think ? Will he talk about any of these ?
Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe . # via
Glad they were fired . Now CHARGE THEM WITH MURDER ! 4 Minneapolis police officers fired following death of George Floyd in police custody
Kaepernick is banned from the NFL for protesting deaths like George Floyd 's .
RIP George Floyd
Those “ police officers ” murdered George Floyd . Losing their jobs is not enough they should be fucking arrested . I ’ m tired of seeing this bullshit .
BLACK LIVES MATTER ! THIS CAN NOT BE THE NEW NORM ! Minnesota police officers fired after death of George Floyd , black man seen pinned down in video - ABC News -
We got Christian Cooper , George Floyd , and Caroline Gombell all trending omg what is happening
Whos that fool who killed George Floyd I wan na show him his last days
Arrest those four fired officers for the murder of George Floyd in now !
I hope they get tortured & die . Terminated not enough . George Floyd or nobody deserves that . Just pigs , ridiculous .
Terrible what happened to mr. Floyd but please don ’ t let this be a representational all police officers the ones respond for his death aren ’ t police officers they ’ re racist with no heart for anything . Just know that is not every police officer I can gaurentee
It would be nice if President Trump would Tweet about Ahmaud Arbery or talk shit about George Floyd ’ s killer . But I ’ m sure all we ’ ll hear about is and who ISN ’ T the President .
Madonna Calls George Floyd Murder ‘ Most Sickening , Heartbreaking Thing I ’ ve Seen in a Long Time ’
'Not the America that we want to live in , ' says St. Paul mayor of George Floyd 's death : An African American man in Minneapolis died Monday night after a police officer kneeled on his neck while apprehending him . Echoing the 2014 Eric Garner case , George…
Every time I see that video of George Floyd my heart hurts man .. The man was pleading
Repub Tim Scott went harder on George Floyd cop killers than Amy Klobuchar . She couldn ’ t even say bare minimum meaningful words like “ arrest ” or “ indict ” . Embarrassing .
wild , pandemics don ’ t stop police brutality . george floyd should be alive . can ’ t even congregate for his funeral .
We demand the arrest of officer Derek Chauvin for the murder of George Floyd and Tou Thao for failing to protect Mr. Floyd while being killed by his colleague . Justice for George Floyd !
damn that George Floyd shit really blew my high
Not enough .... you ca n't just distance yourself from these men . Arrest and charge them - especially the Supercop arrogantly holding his knee down on Mr. 's neck . This is murder . anywhere is a threat to everywhere .
I did not feel comfortable protesting today but I do not thing it is necessarily “ wrong ” to protest the racist MPD and their murder of George Floyd . I hope protestors are being as safe and conscientious of one another ’ s health as can be .
George Floyd : Minnesota Cop Kneeling on Neck of Black Man Who Later Died , Video Shows | National Review
I really can ’ t keep looking at the photo of George Floyd laying on the ground any more today . Can we please stop sharing his lifeless body ?
My heart breaks for George Floyd ’ s family .. no matter what he did , he didn ’ t deserve to die that day , that way .. I ’ m disgusted ..
GEORGE FLOYD WAS MURDERED GEORGE FLOYD WAS MURDERED GEORGE FLOYD WAS MURDERED GEORGE FLOYD WAS MURDERED GEORGE FLOYD WAS MURDERED GEORGE FLOYD WAS MURDERED
`` I ca n't breathe '' cried George Floyd before he passed out .
George Floyd Died After Police Knelt on His Neck During Arrest | NowThis via
George Floyd
George Floyd
George Floyd deserves justice !
All the cops involved in George Floyd should be charged with murder . They all know what they were doing . George said multiple times he couldn ’ t breathe and people begged for the officer to get his knee off his neck but they were threatened with mace from another officer . Sick .
I ca n't breathe either . R.I.P . George Floyd
Again ? Really ? Yes , really . People think lynchings don ’ t happen anymore . Not since maybe the - what - 1960s , right ? Wrong . So wrong . So unimaginably fucking wrong . George Floyd . George Floyd George FloydGeorgeFloydgeorgefloydgeorgefloydgeorgefloyd
I may never understand what you go through because I am white , but I will always stand with you to fight racist assholes ! ! ! WE ARE ALL FUCKING EQUAL ! ! ! ! I hate that I 'm part of a race that will try defend white people after watching that video of George Floyd .
George Floyd begged for his life as a police officer choked him to death with his knee for 10 minutes . This was murder , why have the officers not been arrested and charged ?
Rip George Floyd ...
George Floyd death : Black US man dies after officer pins him down | USA News
Another victim to blue on black crime , George Floyd .. SAY HIS NAME️️
I wanted to post the video , but my heart literally ached for George and his family . When will the lives of our people matter ? America has so much blood , BLACK people ’ s blood , on it ’ s hands . Text Floyd to 55156 .
BLACK MAN DIES AFTER HAVING NECK PINNED BY COP ’ S KNEE George Floyd to cops before dying at their hands : `` I ca n't breathe , please , the knee in my neck , I ca n't move ... my neck ... I 'm through , I 'm through . ''
Four Minneapolis Cops Fired Over George Floyd 's Death , Protests Erupt
i 've played the video of George Floyd more times than i can count & i ca n't stop crying thinking that could 've easily been my father ..... he was somebody 's father , brother , son , significant other ...
George Floyd died after being pinned down by the neck by Minneapolis police officers . Mr. Floyd was unarmed and repeatedly said he could not breathe while the officer had him pinned down . Will this ever end ? ? ? ? I 'm so sick of this shit ! ! ! !
Doesn ’ t matter what George Floyd did before that moment , it was clear murder was not the last option . That white racist killed a man because he knew the system protects him and not Black Americans from getting murdered for their race . Those officers deserve a life in prison .
Why does this keep happening ? 4 Minnesota police officers fired after death of George Floyd , black man seen pinned down in this video . How come none of the other officers did anything to stop this ? Now a man is…
Amy cooper ( white ) called cops on Christian cooper ( black ) . Meanwhile , Minneapolis police ( white ) kills George floyd ( black ) . Wow , what a day to be alive
That George Floyd video is disgusting
4 Minnesota police officers fired after death of George Floyd , black man seen pinned down in video via
Would we have seen the same outcome of justice for George Floyd if this was n't caught on video ? This is why the filming of police interactions with PoC is so important .
Most popular Google search in the last hour : 05/26/2020 , 23:01:53 George Floyd Minecraft Dungeons SpaceX Bryce Hall Bundesliga
. In the briefing you just sent out , you name Amy Cooper and put up her photo . You do not name George Floyd , whose death is describe in the same briefing note . and you should not erase George 's name in your briefing while profiling a white woman .
When can we stop being killed and seen around all social media platforms as a hashtag ? ? WHEN ? ! This really needs to STOP ! ! RIP George Floyd ..
George Floyd died unnecessarily and firing the FOUR officers is not enough . Ted Bundy was treated better , Dylann roof was treated better , James Holmes was treated better and many more KILLERS were treated with more respect . Enough is fucking enough people !
There were 4 officers involved in the murder of George Floyd . Ample opportunity between the 4 of them to say , “ this isn ’ t right , ” or “ this is a human being—lets do our job correctly , ” or at least “ this is excessive , ” but they didnt . I ’ m sick and disheartened at this gross abuse .
Apologized ? If her life is ruined , it is Amy Cooper that ruined it ! She knew exactly what she was doing ! Trying to get a black man murdered by cop . Happens all the time ! Eric Garner NY ! Minneapolis Police killed a black man today George Floyd !
My heart is broken for the black people in this country ... the stark contrast between people protesting face masks because “ they can ’ t breathe ” and George Floyd ’ s pleas as he ’ s being suffocated to death ... It ’ s always been bad , but I never expected racism to get worse .
We witnessed his death . The police officer held his knee on the jugular vein in Floyd ’ s neck , stopping blood flow for about seven minutes , while bystanders pleaded with him to stop . Case closed ! The officer knew he was killing Mr. Floyd . Premeditated Death by Strangulation .
Please don ’ t share the George Floyd video . I partially understand the desire and and I ’ m aware of the impact the video has on others , but I promise you can get your point across by writing about it instead .
RIP GEORGE FLOYD
Say what you will about George Floyd . I ’ m sure he wasn ’ t perfect . Who amongst us is ? Did he ever kill , or stand by as one of his buddys killed , someone ? I don ’ t know , but I do know those 4 police officers killed , and/or stood by as one of their co-workers killed , George Floyd .
We can at the very least look to the murder of Justine Damond and the ensuing conviction of a Minneapolis police officer to gauge weather justice is actually served in the murder of George Floyd . It will be very obvious if there is no justice .
Now I 'm waiting for ws media to further criminalize George Floyd and say he deserved what he got .
SICK after watching the video of George Floyd . Those cops all deserve prison time , they murdered that man .
This white cop needs to be in jail for killing an innocent black person . This community needs a change . R.I.P George Floyd
I do n't trust our justice system to serve just ends , especially when it comes to crimes committed by police , so I hope the officers who murdered George Floyd have their lives torn apart . Until policing is dismantled , there must be some material check against its evils .
Four Minneapolis Cops Fired Over Brutal Killing of George Floyd as Outrage Mounts , Protests Begin via
He kept saying ' I ca n't breath ' and the police officer who had his knee on his neck would n't let him up . George Floyd died of asphyxiation . The four police officers involved in his murder have been fired . They now…
RIP George Floyd
justice for George Floyd justice for all black men and women
George Floyd : Minneapolis Police Victim Identified After Cops ‘ Killed ’ Him | NewsOne
I deleted my previous tweet about Amy Cooper because I made a spelling error . I still hate her and I ’ m glad her life is “ totally ruined ” . What happened to George Floyd today could ’ ve happened to Christian Cooper because of her false accusations .
Amidst a concerned crowd of Minneapolis citizens , Officer Derek Chauvin seemed to enjoy keeping his entire body weight via his knee pinned on the neck of handcuffed George Floyd , whose 7 minute plea for air was ignored , then his lifeless body was transported away in an ambulance .
RIP George Floyd
The cops that killed Mr. Floyd weren ’ t afraid to kill him . They know how the system works to protect them and not the victim . Will the system work this time ? Or will once again America say that , no , black lives really don ’ t matter
George Floyd
I 'm still heartbroken about what happened to George Floyd my condolences goes out to his family & friends who knew him & loved him dearly ..
George Floyd was murdered . No resisting , no fighting , nothing . Murdered by “ Minneapolis ’ s finest ” while his partner watched and did nothing to stop it .
I ’ ve been sick since the moment my feet hit the floor today . The news of what happened in Minneapolis ( again ) has been too painful to comment on w/o proper energy . George Floyd , you deserved a better ending in this life . That knee on your neck was a knee on all of our necks .
This is where George Floyd was murdered by MPLS police last night . THIS MUST STOP .
Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe .
4 Minnesota police officers fired after death of George Floyd , black man seen pinned down in video
George Floyd Died After Police Knelt on His Neck During Arrest | NowThis via
I am appalled at what I just saw . Police officers are no different than people ! That officer who took George Floyd ’ s life away should be held accountable for his actions !
RIP George Floyd
I couldn ’ t even stomach watching the whole video of George Floyd . It ’ s too heartbreaking . He wasn ’ t resisting and the crime was of possible forgery and intoxication . Tell me again how white privilege doesn ’ t exist .
protest march for George Floyd
George Floyd was murdered in cold blood and the other cops stood there and watch him kill that man . Literally makes my stomach hurt
Video Of Fatal Arrest Shows Minneapolis Officer Kneeling On George Floyd ’ s Neck For 7 Minutes . Appalling
Rest In Peace George Floyd ... those cops involved need to go away forever
The Hennepin County Medical Examiner just released the name of the man killed while detained by Minneapolis police , George Floyd , 46 , of St Louis Park , but they have not released the cause and manner of death , pending more testing and investigation .
Now let 's see some criminal prosecution for this appalling display of police brutality , following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer knelled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe . ''
Finished work and watched a video of police officers in Minneapolis killing George Floyd . Yes , this happened in America . Again . Yesterday . A few years ago a KIPP dad — Terrence Crutcher — was murdered by police . I learned that change demands white outrage . Lets bring it .
What we know is that Floyd was killed by a cop who was kneeling on his neck until he could no longer breathe . What we know is that murder charges should be filed .
RIP George Floyd . Happened in my own damn state . I 'm so sick of seeing this man . It 's truly heartbreaking
There is a vigil being held in George Floyd 's honor Tuesday at 6 p.m. at Emancipation Park.​
What People Are Talking About Now ? George Floyd Minecraft Dungeons SpaceX Bryce Hall Bundesliga Jimmy Fallon =
'Being Black In America Should Not Be A Death Sentence ' : Officials Respond To George Floyd 's Death
A video shared on social media shows a Minneapolis police officer kneeling on the neck of George Floyd . Floyd says `` I ca n't breathe '' and begs for his life .
What 's New in George Floyd
the officers that killed george floyd shouldn ’ t just lose their jobs they need to be thrown in jail
George Floyd is a Houston native , according to the NAACP . The FBI and the Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehensionhave been called in to investigate possible civil rights violations after Floyd died while in Minneapolis police custody .
Four Minneapolis police officers fired after death of unarmed man George Floyd
I ca n't breathe . Please , the knee in my neck Last words of George Floyd
This makes me sick to my stomach . I just don ’ t even have words . George Floyd . I pray for justice for you . Once again . This has got to stop .
Get this murderer ’ s face everywhere , DEREK CHAUVIN remember the name and spread his face until we get this psychopath locked up for life and get justice for George Floyd . Getting fired for murdering someone is not enough .
He is not “ Black man ” He is more than that . He is GEORGE FLOYD and we won ’ t forget .
George Floyd death : Black US man dies after officer pins him down
RIP George Floyd , there needs to be a system to better k who gets be a officer of the law so no more innocent african americans get killed when they ’ ve done nothing wrong .. Race isn ’ t the problem , it ’ s the cops who have problem with Race that IS the problem .
4 Minnesota police officers fired after death of George Floyd , black man seen pinned down in video
Chopper 5 is above the protest taking place in South Minneapolis in response to the death of George Floyd
George Floyd case : 4 Minneapolis cops are fired after video shows one kneeling on neck of black man who later died - CNN
Another unarmed Black man was murdered Monday night in Minneapolis pleading for his life after a white officer knelt on his neck . 4 MPD officers are said to be involved in his death . Our condolences go out to Floyd ’ s family at this time . RIP Black King .
Just in : Medical Examiner doesn ’ t have cause of death , positively ID ’ s George Floyd , man who died while being restrained by all 4 officers have been fired . Latest on protest now on
The world feels heavy . George Floyd , Breonna Taylor , Ahmaud Aubrey , white privilege racism in NYC , 100K COVID-19 deaths . Some say : turn your head , look on the bright side . Others say : I don ’ t care about politics and this doesn ’ t affect me . I can ’ t do that .
5/26/20 : Poor People ’ s Campaign : Minnesota Chapter - Statement on the Murder of George Floyd ! Please go to this link on our Facebook page :
|NEWS| 4 Minneapolis Police Officers Fired Over George Floyd Death via
George Floyd Died After Police Knelt on His Neck During Arrest | NowThis via RIP TO HIM
RIP George Floyd
So very angry and hurt . Say his name Floyd
god bless George Floyd 's soul and may he have love , warmth & peace in heaven with god .
Not only did the officer keep his knee on George Floyd ’ s neck after hearing him say he couldn ’ t breathe multiple times , but kept it his damn knee in George Floyd ’ s neck as he laid there lifeless . I –
George Floyd Lawyer Ben Crump Says the Killing Proves It ’ s ‘ Open Season on Black People ’
I think ppl should put as much energy as they do into cancelling celebrities for stupid shit into actually bringing attention to , and calling out injustices for people who actually need it like George floyd or idk literally you k
It 's terrible seeing people killed over race still . like come on , what is your problem ? This world needs a fix fr . R.I.P . George Floyd
Four Minneapolis Police Officers Fired Following Death of George Floyd - Rolling Stone
George Floyd . Can we abolish the police now ?
That George Floyd video really is so fucked up and the cops got paid time off for it . They ’ re now fired but nigga still ? ? ? The man is dead they just lost their job doesn ’ t equal out or sit right with me
I ’ m fucking disgusted . Rest in Power George Floyd
His name was George Floyd , and he should be alive right now . We need to demand justice and make sure those officers get convicted of what they did , murder .
Watch this video .... These police officers should be tried for murder ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Feds Probe White Cop Who Appeared to Suffocate George Floyd in Viral Video
Rest In Peace George Floyd .
Man dies in Minneapolis police custody ; 4 cops fired ; Walz wants answers . George Floyd . vía
That video of George Floyd is sooooo disturbing ! ! ! ! ! I have no words ! ! ! Video is unwatchable
Four Minneapolis cops involved in George Floyd 's death fired . - The Mind Shield
Derek Chauvin - the main cop that killed George Floyd has a history of officer involved shootings and compliants
This same knee was probably used to kneel for the National Anthem . Now it is the cause of death for George Floyd . Scary to think that those who are supposed to protect cause the most danger .
George Floyd is why we say another Black man taken from this world at the hands of the people this country says is supposed to protect us .
4 Minneapolis Police Officers Fired Over George Floyd Death
George Floyd . Another innocent man killed . UNACCEPTABLE .
To fire the officers who took George Floyd 's life is just step 1 : 2 . Investigate . 3 . Present to GJ or preliminary hearing for indictment . 4 . Obtain a true bill . 5 . Prosecute . 6 . Convict ; and 7 . Sentence . Demand to see this all the way through ! Do n't sleep !
Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe . via
4 Minnesota police officers fired after death of George Floyd , black man seen pinned down in video - ABC News - via
This is TRAUMATIC ... George Floyd was filmed dying ( it 's on YouTube for those with strong stomachs ) at the `` hands '' of casual , unconcerned , seemingly self-satisfied Minneapolis police officers . Coldly unmoved by concerned bystanders . I 'm shocked and terrified .
George floyd was assasinated today by Minneapolis police . How many black men have to die ? Prayers to the family and Minneapolis community . .
Minneapolis cops involved in George Floyd 's death fired : mayor via
But didn ’ t know the harm she was causing George Floyd case : 4 Minneapolis cops are fired after video shows one kneeling on neck of black man who later died - CNN
There really shouldn ’ t be much of an investigation with the Minneapolis police officer and George Floyd . Fuck is there to investigate ? The murder is right there . Jail ASAP
Here is the county attorney information to demand the officers involved in the MURDER of George Floyd be arrested and charged
George Floyd was murdered by the police in Minneapolis . The cop kneeled on his neck for five minutes before he went unresponsive , and then stayed on his neck until the paramedics came to get him . He could have lived . ACAB and these ones are murderers .
Monsters With Badges Contact the Minneapolis DA and Mayors office to demand the arrest of officers Derek Chauvin and Tou Thao for murder they committed . The Victim : George Floyd Unit 600 Minneapolis MN ( 612 ) 664-5600
While the rest fo the world continues to fight against a global pandemic , sadly remains the same . His name was George Floyd . Rest in Power .
If you aren ’ t talking about George Floyd right now , you are part of the problem . If you dont acknowledge racism , you are part of the problem . If you aren ’ t aware of white privilege , you are part of the problem .
Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe . via
The murder case of the George Floyd by these Minneapolis policemen just ruined my night . I pray God comforts his family and justice be done . RIP George Floyd .
To the police officers who killed George Floyd : you ’ re worldwide known as disgusting people . Im from Belgium and everyone is talking about how inhuman you are . You ’ re a shame for America . Shame on you !
At least several hundred people have filled the streets outside Cup Foods in Minneapolis to protest the in-custody death of George Floyd . March starting now .
colorofchange with make_repost ・・・ : Text 'Floyd ' to 55156 to demand the officers who killed are charged with murder . . . It happened again . His name was George…
Being able to breath is a basic human necessity and right . George Floyd should still be breathing and living because he is HUMAN .
There ’ s nothing I can say that hasn ’ t been said already , and probably said better than I could ever do . George Floyd was murdered on camera by the police . I guess it ’ s just another day in America .
idk if you guys heard about the george floyd situation yet because it ’ s so recent , but this is what happened and it ’ s so upsetting . this was in my neighboring state and i just hate that it happened . this is a real problem all around the world that needs to stop .
This hurts so bad to read this ! Heartbreaking ! I ’ m at a loss for words.4 Minnesota police officers fired after death of George Floyd , black man seen pinned down in video - ABC News
Rest in piece to the man known as George floyd . The fucking police in America are so fucking shit
George Floyd death : Black US man dies after officer pins him down
George Floyd was literally murdered . There was no reason why that man 's knee needed to be on his neck . No reason whatsoever .
I can ’ t bring myself to watch the video of George Floyd .
Ahmaud Arberry . Breonna Taylor . George Floyd . BLACK LIVES MATTER
The lives of and are interconnected in ways they shouldn ’ t be due to racism . What happened to Floyd could have easily happened to Cooper . When will enough be enough ?
Y'ALL , EVERY PERSON THERE WHEN George Floyd was MURDERED , SHOULD BE CHARGED WITH MURDER AND/OR OTHER CRIMES YOU COMMITTED ALLOWING THAT LOSE OF LIFE ! ! SHAME ON YOU !
This hard watch is the latest archival evidence of the police routinely killing a Black man , George Floyd , by kneeling ( ‘ taking a knee ’ ) on his neck . His last words repeat the dying words of Eric Garner , ‘ I can ’ t breathe ’ . And despite witnesses , it ’ s another routine police kill .
I got ta be careful of my Twitter fingers right now because I just saw the video of George Floyd but i am gon na say it anyways FUCK those cops ! They are DISGUSTING PATHETIC Assholes ... smh ... what do we have to do to stop this ? ! ? ! ? I am sick . a man died
George Floyd
JUSTICE FOR GEORGE FLOYD
I don ’ t even wan na see the George Floyd s anymore it ’ s sickening & heart breaking !
This george floyd situation hurts my heart man smh
If you are angry abt the death of George Floyd , consider contacting the Minneapolis police department : 350 S. fifth street room 130 , Minneapolis MN 55415-1389 , or police or ( 612 ) 673-3000 . Two of the officers are Derek Chauvin , , + Tou Thao .
This killer cop did n't just murder Mr Floyd , he tortured Mr Floyd to death while taunting him . That 's aggravated 1st degree murder . All this & 3 other repulsive cop killers watched w/ apathy & did nothing to intervene . They all deserve death but life sentences have to be imposed !
Police officers really pussy without the uniform thats the thing . That likkle uniform make them feel so empowered . RIP George Floyd
Think of the outrage if George Floyd was a dog .
This George Floyd murder got me heated
Articles : 4 cops fired after death of George Floyd Correction : 4 cops fired after MURDER of George Floyd
4 Minneapolis police officers fired following death of George Floyd in police custody :
Terminated ? ? ? George Floyd is dead ! Terminated isn ’ t enough for murderers ! ! ! I ’ d like to think I wouldn ’ t just watch something like this happen - I woulda liked to have tackled that poor excuse of a human off him sooo bad ! Absolutely heartbreaking and senseless ... makes me sick !
Man the cops killed George Floyd in broad daylight and had no remorse smh
George Floyd
Man who died after arrest in Minneapolis identified as George Floyd
Pls if you are sharing any articles regarding the murder of George Floyd , be mindful of imagery that might be present in the thumbnail
I saw a clip of the video . Photos are circulated everywhere . I saw the photo , up close , of his face as he died . Absolutely haunting . George Floyd . Dead . For nothing . Murdered by a cop . Could be any Black person , any time , in any city . The police are racist and fatally powerful .
please somebody please explain how they fuck a mass shooter can be arrested alive but then George Floyd gets strangled to death after being accused of forging a fucking signature on a check at a grocery store
So , armed white men can storm the state Capitol in Michigan protesting for their “ civil rights ” . Yesterday , George Floyd was murdered by a white officer ( three other cops watched ) in broad daylight . He was begging for his life . He . Could . Not . Breathe .
Amy Cooper called the cops on that black birdwatcher in NY hoping they ’ d take the same action that Minneapolis PD took on George Floyd
Four Minneapolis Cops Fired Over George Floyd 's Death , Protests Erupt
George Floyd death : Black US man dies after officer pins him down
Ahmaud Arbery ’ s & George Floyd ’ s murders eerily remind me of Trayvon Martin and Eric Gardner and that don ’ t sit well for me . It ’ s like a script to follow to kill blacks and get away with it .
If you watched the video of George Floyd 's murder , you know why Christian Cooper recorded .
This is most brutally heartbreaking video I 've ever watched . These guys are so up for doing this to an innocent man ! George Floyd did n't deserve that ... Another senseless act happening .... Those officers should be ashamed and arrested !
I am SICK about George Floyd ’ s murder by that cop in Minneapolis . SICK ! ! ! ! ! I can ’ t even put this into words
RIP George a Floyd aka Big Floyd . Another unarmed black man to add to the list of others being killed by a police officer . Big Floyd was a native of Houston , TX and also freestyled on one of Dj Screws tape “ Dusk 2…
The cop with his knee on George Floyd 's neck is a murderer . The other cops are his accomplice as they did nothing to stop him from killing . Video shows cop kneeling on a moaning , motionless man who later died
I just watched the murder of George Floyd I can ’ t stop crying ! Firing is Not enough they all need to be arrested ! ! they murdered that man like a dog in the street ! idgaf what he did nobody deserves to die like that ! And that officer enjoyed it
I ’ ve avoided watching the George Floyd video because I know I ’ ll just get upset and angry
What is wrong with us man , what is wrong with this country ? The very country that is supposed to provide opportunity to minorities is doing the complete opposite . A man screaming “ I can ’ t breathe ” isn ’ t enough for them to ease up . RIP George Floyd . No Words ... CRAZY
Sir to do Justice to George Floyd your department should file manslaughter charges against the officer who kneeled on his neck til Floyd died . Just as if Floyd had killed a white police officer , fair is fair .
WHAT ? ? ? Are you trying to say Mr. Floyd was possibly mentally ill therefore t/police had no choice but to treat him that way even whn it was OBVIOUS he was UNRESPONSIVE ! ?
not my words , but they ’ ve been circulating on my facebook feed & i wan na share them : “ If you were more angry with Colin Kaepernick kneeling during the national anthem than you are with a policeman kneeling on the throat of George Floyd and ultimately killing him , you 're racist . ”
'Crying all day ' : Couple who employed George Floyd mourns his death
“ I can ’ t breathe. ” These were the last words of George Floyd . He was someone ’ s son .
Mayor : 4 Minneapolis police officers involved in death of George Floyd terminated
As we grieve and follow the lead of the black community in Minneapolis following the death of George Floyd , MCN continues to support our nonprofit members and the groups working to respond to and support those impacted by this tragic event :
So glad none of my family are in the police , scumbags . RIP George Floyd
Pay attention to how your friends are reacting to George Floyd ’ s murder . Guaranteed y ’ all are friends w more racists than you thought
Several people holding up “ Justice for George Floyd ” signs near Scheid Park in Golden Valley .
George Floyd was from Houston and attend Yates High School
The chief said the cops involved are on paid leave , and the union rep thinks we shouldn ’ t rush to judgment . I think George Floyd could and should still be alive
George Floyd was somebody ’ s son . Somebody ’ s brother . Somebody ’ s friend ... He was somebody . And his life mattered .
that video of george floyd is horrifying i fucking hate cops fuck
Minneapolis PD has earned a reputation as poorly trained and easily frightened when it comes to interacting or taking black citizens into custody . Fuck those pigs Video shows Minneapolis cop with knee on neck of George Floyd , who later died
I want to tell you a story about unarmed George Floyd.A knee was pressed on his neck for 7 min and he can ’ t breathe.He later died ! It was police brutality.He was an African-American man.Close your eyes and think of the 7 min torture from George Floyd and now imagine he 's white !
This is not enough . There must be arrests and charges filed . It sickens me that we live in a society where that is even a question . George Floyd ’ s family deserves justice . Ahmaud Aubrey ’ s family deserves justice . Or…
Source : Star Tribune via Getty Images / Getty George Floyd was killed in Minneapolis in front of a crowd of peop ...
I 'm broken for George Floyd , his friends , his family , the entire black community , our whole country . Those officers did n't make a mistake or fail . We need to call this what it is . They murdered an innocent , unarmed black man in broad daylight with witnesses .
Watching the death video of George Floyd is pure evil . I am disgusted and outraged , along w the death of Ahmaud Arbery !
وحشیگری پلیس امریکا مرد غیر مصلح را خفه می کند . ‘ Please . Your knee in my neck . I can ’ t breathe. ’ Black man George Floyd died shortly after a Minneapolis police officer kneeled on his neck ( warning : distressing )
do you REALLY wan na know what the RIGHT CALL would be ? DO YOU ? ! ! they ALL need to be charged with MURDER ! ! ! ! THAT is the ONLY RIGHT CALL ! ! ! ! ! ! Four responding MPD officers involved in the death of George Floyd have been terminated . This is the right call .
Just heinous actions by Minneapolis police . As a fellow Minnesotan , I ’ m disgusted . George Floyd , nor anyone should deserve such brutality .
Man who died after arrest in Minneapolis identified as George Floyd
I 'm spiritually exhausted by seeing Black death . White supremacy , racism and anti-blackness is demonic and disgusting . Say his name : George Floyd .
In the words of Will Smith , “ Racism isn ’ t getting worse , it ’ s getting FILMED ” . R.I.P . George Floyd .
Murder by police is getting way too common . George Floyd Died After Police Knelt on His Neck During Arrest | NowThis via
George Floyd was a man of color . And for that reason he was killed today in Minneapolis by 2 white police officers . something needs to change .
You could read on his body language as well that he was enjoying choking that man . He really abused his power to take someone ’ s life just because he could . Absolutely outrageous . Hope they all get jailed for murdering George Floyd .
“ I can ’ t breathe. ” These were the last words of George Floyd . He was someone ’ s son .
& let ’ s be frank ... I feel like White Americans are more upset about the dog getting choked out than George Floyd !
That video has me SO bothered man smh .... like he just didn ’ t care . He looked down at this man , felt him stop breathing under him and just did not fucking care . * sighs * We watched him murder George Floyd .
George Floyd was murdered .
George Floyd .
South High Student Healing Circle to Honor George Floyd Tonight May 26 , 8:05 p.m. South Students , check your email for URL . Should be delivered by 6:30 p.m .
I think one of the most chilling aspects of what happened to George Floyd , aside from the absolute unnecessary loss of life , is what would have happened if there was no video , no cellphones . It was left up to an iPhone Camera for justice ..
What happened to George Floyd today in Minneapolis is what Amy Cooper was willing to inflict on Christian Cooper in NY Central Park .
Watch broadcast : 4 Minneapolis Officers Fired After Video of One of the Officers Kneeling on George Floyd 's Neck for Over 7 Minutes Emerges
Horrifying . George Floyd was created in the image of God . There is no excuse for this . It ’ s murder .
Sick to my stomach ! ! ! RIP George Floyd
RIP GEORGE FLOYD
‘ Please . Your knee in my neck . I can ’ t breathe. ’ Black man George Floyd died shortly after a Minneapolis police officer kneeled on his neck ( warning : distressing )
George Floyd case : 4 Minneapolis cops are fired after video shows one kneeling on neck of black man who later died - CNN
video just hurt and scared the fuck out of me rest in heaven George Floyd justice will be served
Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe . via
My Prayers for George Floyd .
Trayvon Martin Eric Garner Michael Brown Tamir Rice George Floyd that ’ s the whole post .
There must be justice immediately for George Floyd . The inhuman pig Derek Chauvin & the other 3 officers have been fired , but Chauvin must be charged with first degree murder , and the other 3 with accessory to murder . I don ’ t trust the FBI , who is investigating , to serve justice .
George Floyd
George Floyd 's death is not just another black person killed in police custody . It 's another reminder of the fear that many people who look like me live with everyday . At what point do we ever see justice for all ?
Racism has to be stop , justice needs to be deserve and if you seen this on video and the about the death of George Floyd , it might get yourself a sad , nightmare and so disgusted I 've ever seen ! This has to stop ! Every community deserves justice , Floyd deserves justice !
Rest Up George Floyd FUCK YALL CRACKERS I DONT NEED YALL HELP FOR SHIT
I ’ ve never seen a more horrifying video than what happened in Minneapolis where a cop willingly murdered George Floyd . I ’ m so disgusted , I feel sick . This keeps happening and they don ’ t care . RIP .
Heartbroken George Floyd RIP you should be alive today , may your agonizing , needless death spark the Justice , long-suffering Justice , needed in this forlorn country .
What happened with George Floyd is disgusting . He was killed over susion of a none violent crime and all the police officer got was fired . He should be sentenced to murder .
My heart is broken for the family & friends of George Floyd MPD needs to be held accountable .. ENOUGH ! ! ! ! !
The four officers have been fired , George Floyd remains dead .
Officers involved in deadly arrest of black man Brother George Floyd ( late ) in Minneapolis have been fired . -- Not good enough ! ! !
Yeah I ’ ve been avoiding the images and video all day . RIP George Floyd
I hope this police officer is charged with murder of George Floyd . And that the other three are charged with accessory to this murder . I am infuriated tonight . Open your fucking eyes . These are the evil ones . These are the murderers .
4 Minneapolis police officers fired following death of George Floyd in police custody | FOX 9 Minneapolis-St. Paul
His name is George Floyd .
FBI Called In Over `` I Ca n't Breathe '' George Floyd Police Death , The Vide ... via
GSN ) Shocking video has showing a white Minneapolis police officer pinning a black man to the ground with his knees moments before he loses consciousness and dies . George Floyd said to officers ‘ Please . Please , I can ’ t breathe. ’ ‘ My stomach hurts . My neck hurts . Everything hurts . ’
Look at this son of a bitch sad excuse for a human Floyd
Looking at he video of George Floyd on the ground suffering is just so heartbreaking . The officer knew what he was doing .
My heart HURTS for George Floyd and his family . I hope the motherfucking cops who did this to him die the same way they killed that man .
Why have n't the Minneapolis cops who murdered George Floyd been arrested yet ? It 's long past time to send the message that the police can not kill people of color without repercussions .
4 Minneapolis police officers fired as FBI investigates George Floyd ’ s death
fucking disgusted at what happened . rip george floyd
So , it was 4 officers who assisted in the murder of George Floyd ? Fcuk them all ! !
George Floyd issue and Central Park Karen . What is going on with this world . GEEZ !
100 % of George Floyd 's neck was under the cops knee for 7 minutes . George Floyd lost 100 % of the only life he 'll get . George Floyd would 100 % be alive today had he simply been arrested .
The cop who killed George Floyd should receive the death penalty . Cops need to be held accountable , it ’ s time to send a message to the racist police that have infiltrated police forces everywhere in America .
Justice is not just about firing the cops involved in Floyd 's murder , it 's about demolishing the broken system that led to his death .
4 Minneapolis Police Officers Fired Over George Floyd Death | HuffPost
I CAN ’ T BREATHE ! ! ! When the fuck is this going to stop ? R.I.P George Floyd • • •
Donald Trump called Colin Kaepernick a “ sonofabitch ” for kneeling to stop white , racist cops from murdering Black men like George Floyd . Donald Trump has put a target on all of our backs . Proudly . Vote this abominable , racist filth out in November .
can folks please stop resharing screenshots/the video of george floyd being murdered by police it is so unnecessary to get the point across that police continue killing black people . broadcasting george ’ s death all over the internet does nothing to honour his memory .
Amy Cooper ’ s phone call , George Floyd ’ s murder , and white peoples silence are all the same thing . Proof that a white person ’ s comfort level is more important than a black persons life . It ’ s not comfortable to confront inner racism , but it ’ s nothing compared to losing your life .
Rip George floyd
I want George Floyd 's family to receive ALL of the four officers pensions . I want them to have to pay personally . Not use government money ( TAXES ) as it the usual practice . They committed the CRIME of MURDER , they personally should pay for that crime like any other person !
i wish a lengthy arrest for the cop that caused george floyd to die and then they to validate it by assuming he was on drugs this man says and i quote dont do drugs kids he deserves whatever he gets .. its cool he lost his job but thats not enough his actions were intentional
What would be happening if this black man ( George Floyd ) who was pinned down for a non-violent crime for so long that he ended up dying was wh * te ? These damn quarantine riots would get even dumber & more uneducated , that 's what .
What it means to be Black in the United States ? 4 Minnesota police officers fired after death of George Floyd , black man seen pinned down in video via
RIP George Floyd
ALERT : Do not watch the video of George Floyd .
George Floyd case : 4 Minneapolis cops are fired after video shows one kneeling on neck of black man who later died - CNN
Police need to police each other . I ’ d love to see a cop put another cop in cuffs for murdering someone like they did George Floyd
Amy Cooper was hoping for the same outcome for Christian Cooper as what happened to George Floyd .
FBI Called In Over `` I Ca n't Breathe '' George Floyd Police Death , The Vide ... via
His name was George Floyd
4 Minneapolis police officers have now been fired after George Floyd , a black man , was restrained by the neck and died in custody on Monday night . Here 's what we know about the case :
New video by Timcast : FBI Called In Over `` I Ca n't Breathe '' George Floyd Police Death , The Video Is INFURIATING
RIP George Floyd
Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe . # via
I 'm in a dark place . News of recent , George Floyd , Amy Cooper , the Idiot in Chief , the state of our country coupled with frustrations in my own backyard , ill family , bureaucratic Dr.s with their cookie cutter answers and everything that entails have lit
I also feel like shit because I spent my young adulthood here in Minneapolis doing community organizing . Now the cops killed another man by Cup food- I saw the video . You can see the light fade from George Floyd ’ s eyes .
: Minneapolis Responds To Police Murder of George Floyd via This is ALL WRONG but please pray for the Officer 's that will have to deal with the after effects .
Four Minneapolis police officers murdered George Floyd . Sad .
`` Can a black man jog ? Can a black woman sleep in her own bed ? Can a black man breathe ? ... Mr. Floyd was suspected of using a fake , counterfeit bill . ... That should n't subject someone to the death penalty . '' —
4 Minneapolis Police Officers Fired Over George Floyd Death
RIP This man was murdered . the crime is in front of you . As you said , George Floyd should not be dead right now . Will justice be served ?
GEORGE FLOYD
The fact she did mention him by name ; George Floyd , she should say this one out and .
GEORGE FLOYD
George Floyd . He couldn ’ t breathe but you kept your knee on his neck . Eye for an eye , right ?
George Floyd
Minneapolis police officers terminated after they put knee onto neck of George Floyd killing him via
Minneapolis stations are airing live aerial video of a protest at the site where George Floyd was arrested before dying in police custody on Monday . Looks like protesters have used cars to barricade the area from entry , possibly by police KARE 's feed :
George Floyd was murdered by police officer Derek Chauvin alongside 3 other police officers that allowed it to happen . All four have been fired . That ’ s only the first step . We need .
RIP George Floyd
: Minneapolis Responds To Police Murder of George Floyd via
MPD Chief Arradondo : 4 Police Officers Fired Following Murder Of George Floyd
Hey , if you choose to share the video of George Floyd , PLEASE USE A TRIGGER WARNING . I really don ’ t wan na see this video five times in a single scroll .
stan list ˳⠢✦ ː ˳⠢✧ː˳⠢ the beatles nirvana silverchair metallica black sabbath pink floyd megadeth taylor swift lana del rey alice in chains pearl jam mötley crüe harry styles soundgarden ghost the doors the rolling stones stone temple pilots
Arrested and prosecuted to the full extent of the law . Just as if George Floyd was a white police officer .
George Floyd death : Black US man dies after officer pins him down
George Floyd . Say his name .
George Floyd
George Floyd : another unarmed Black man , killed . We have heard the story too many times : he called out for help , expressed that he couldn ’ t breathe , and was ignored . As your next Congressman , I will fight against these grave injustices .
4 Minneapolis Police Officers Fired Over George Floyd Death | HuffPost
As a white person , I think it is important to use my privilege and advocate and to be an ally to . With that being said , it is disgusting and horrifying to see the injustice and racism black people are facing . Rip George Floyd , ur life is worth more than $ 20
Every single American should be outraged and should demand justice for George Floyd , whose life was taken yesterday . Nothing in our country will change until we demand action and demand consequences . Demand justice for George Floyd .
The FBI is investigating the 4 officers involved in GEORGE FLOYD ’ S death , now all fired . One officer was stepping on the black man ’ s neck while he was CUFFED & on ground . Floyd yelled he couldn ’ t breathe , as onlookers questioned police . Floyd subsequently died . ￼
Nothing I can ( or should ) write to capture the horror of Black trauma the past few days ( centuries ? ) so I share J . Drew Lanham ’ s essay Birding While Black . And may peace be upon the family and loved ones of George Floyd . And righteous fury on the rest ...
His name is George Floyd
4 Minneapolis police officers fired as FBI investigates George Floyd ’ s death
4 Minneapolis police officers fired as FBI investigates George Floyd ’ s death
The protest is now marching towards the Minneapolis PD 3rd Precinct , where protesters say the officers involved in George Floyd 's death worked .
Video shows Minneapolis cop with knee on neck of George Floyd , who later died - CBS News
George Floyd . Remember his name .
The people who filmed George Floyd being killed were n't in a position to overwhelm armed police committing a murder in front of their eyes . Firearm ownership is n't a panacea but I ca n't think of anything else we can do to stop shit like that .
RIP GEORGE FLOYD this is getting out of hand
Story of George Floyd 's death went international within 12 hours . Story leads World News Tonight as protest in South Minneapolis rages on .
Between Amy Cooper and her Central Park stunt and George Floyd being killed in the street as a police officer pinned him down with a knee in his neck for seven minutes I ’ m going to log off . If you need me I ’ ll be printing shipping labels and writing thank you notes .
His name was George Floyd .
Arrest the officers who killed George Floyd for murder . Change the status quo , because that is not working .
America is a scary place . RIP to George Floyd
I met George Floyd a few times while he was bouncing at Conga Latin Bistro . Chilling very close to home rest up big dawg
The officer was stood on his neck for up to 10 mins . Even carried on when George floyd could no longer move . He ’ s on payed leave when he needs to be charged for murder .
I can ’ t bring myself to watch George Floyd ’ s murder
What we know about George Floyd ’ s death in Minneapolis police custody | PBS NewsHour
It ’ s amazing to me that just about every single news outlet reporting on George Floyd ’ s death are putting the action that killed him * in the thumbnail * . Consider the trauma you are passing on when you share these images . Pls give black people the choice on whether to look or not .
im happy that the Mayor of Minneapolis is supporting George Floyd . i hope those 4 police officers face the harshest punishment possible for blantant murder .
His name was . He was not an object . He was not a thing . He was a man . His name was George Floyd . George was willfully murdered today by Minneapolis police .
Four Minneapolis police officers fired after death of unarmed man George Floyd via
RIP Goerge Floyd It 's really upsetting to see how valueless the life of a Black person is still in 2020 , how the officer is n't even ashamed to continue murdering a person on camera on broad daylight
with ・・・ With great sadness we report the death of another black man at the hands of police . His name was . ⁠ ⁠ “ I can not breathe ! I can not breathe , ” Floyd shouted as a…
George Floyd had a knee to his neck after resisting arrest for an alleged forgery at a deli . That use of force alone needs to be questioned . I ca n't even imagine what my black friends and neighbors may be going through . Tired of the excuses and injustices . Lord have mercy ...
Rest In Peace George Floyd
Justice for George Floyd . Arrest his murderers .
They all watched as George Floyd begged for his life . They NEVER need uniforms again . Not in any county , not in any country , not in any century .
Holding the the family of George Floyd and our community in the Twin Cities close . His name is George Floyd . Art by Paige Ingram (
Ice Cube Wonders 'How Long ' Before People 'Strike Back ' Against Police After George Floyd 's Death
ABSOLUTELY MIND BLOWING ! ! My Husband and I began crying in outrage together as we watched George Floyd 's MURDER today ! My 100 % PERSONAL BELIEF is that EVERY Police Officer , EMT , and EVERY HUMAN THAT STOOD THERE , WHILE OUR BROTHER WAS MURDERED ! !
HE DESERVES JUSTICE . THIS IS MURDER . HE WAS A FAMILY MEMBER . HE WAS A SON . THESE ARE NOT COPS . THESE ARE NOT POLICE OFFICERS . THESE ARE MURDERERS . and to George Floyd ’ s family , I ’ m so sorry . I am standing with you . You all deserve justice . George Floyd deserves justice .
RIP GEORGE FLOYD
GEORGE FLOYD
What we know about George Floyd 's death in Minneapolis police custody
Auhmad Aubrey was shot while running , Christian Cooper stereotyped by a white woman , George Floyd killed by having his neck pinned to the ground by a police officer , etc . but yep let ’ s go after Jimmy Fallon for doing black face ON SNL as Chris Rock 20 years ago WTF
george floyd was murdered in cold blood .
I wan na see what say about the incident in Minneapolis . Probably gone say George Floyd has a history of blah blah blah and he wasn ’ t cooperating smh
Man , crazy how cops can legally murder someone and their only repercussion is getting fired . The officers who killed George Floyd should get life in prison at LEAST .
What an absolute fuck up . No wonder people have zero faith in the police when this is how you treat people . The cops a killer plain and simple . Sorry for those who witnessed this . Sorry for Floyd 's family . Please - get justice
We will have a breaking news update on the death of George Floyd on TRNN shortly ...
the death of George Floyd is absolutely horrific . that ’ s why it ’ s BEEN fuck 12. they think they can just k & choose who to protect & that the treatment you receive is based off your race . BLACK LIVES MATTER . WHAT DO YOU NOT UNDERSTAND ? call them cops what they are , murderers .
This was already planned before the news of this horrific police killing of George Floyd . I hope you ’ ll drop in to pray , express righteous indignation , heal , vent , share , strategize , weep with those who weep ... whatever . We need each other ... please join us .
R.I.P . George Floyd . Man murdered on film by a cop . MURDERED . I ’ m tired of waiting on the court system to fail us after lengthy pointless trials for these MURDERERS . WE NEED JUSTICE . SOMEONE PLEASE GIVE A SOLUTION ! HE NEEDS TO PAY . IF YOU THINK I ’ M EXAGGERATING LOOK UP THE VIDEO .
stop quote tweeting photos and videos of george floyd ’ s murder . even if you ’ re disputing what someone says . please . I just saw it unintentionally . please !
Saw the George Floyd video . I immediately thought of the Eric Garner video . The sights & sounds of both videos are horrific . My heart goes out to the Floyd family . This is needless & sickening and absolutely must end .
To live in this world . Death to innocent Black brown poor bodies comes so frequently . `` ... we who believe in freedom can not rest ... '' - Ella Baker George Floyd PRESENTE . There was a time before police ; there will be a time after .
They should all go to prison . 4 Minnesota police officers fired after death of George Floyd , black man seen pinned down in video - ABC News - via
Speaking about George Floyd . These officers need to go straight to jail . I ’ m a strict conservative that tyally supports the police . If your that stupid , I personally don ’ t protection like that . Even if it was my check .
Four Minneapolis police officers have been fired for their involvement in the death of George Floyd , a black man who was held down with a knee as he protested that he couldn ’ t breathe , officials said Tuesday . The FBI is investigating the incident .
George Floyd was suffocatedby police for passing a counterfeit $ 20 bill . An officer kept his knee on his throat for 7 mins while George said I ca n't breathe . They were fired , there must be a manslaughter conviction . Eric Garner was suffocated for selling loosies the police walked
Mr Floyd was being arrested for FORGERY . It 's not like he was a serial killer ! ! That use of was WAY out of line , but unfortunately not uncommon in the black community .
A demonstration is underway in Minneapolis after 4 police officers were fired Tuesday , a day after an officer caused the death of George Floyd , a black man who was held down with a knee as he protested that he couldn ’ t breathe during an arrest . WATCH LIVE :
FBI Called In Over `` I Ca n't Breathe '' George Floyd Police Death , The Vide ... via
George Floyd video hit a nerve in me that I ain ’ t even know could be reached .
Freddie Gray was the inspiration behind this track due to the heartbreaking result of his death at the hands of Baltimore police . It has been 5 years later and just YESTERDAY , George Floyd has been handed the same fate by those sworn to “ protect & serve ” also . When will it stop ?
“ I can ’ t breathe. ” - George Floyd Does Your Heart Break | The Brilliance via
I pray that George Floyd ’ s loved ones were not ambushed by the video of his murder circulating around .
RIP George Floyd
Them POLICE BRUTALITY ASS COPS from Minneapolis Shouldn ’ t have had that much pressure on 1 human being to kill him . On top of that I had no CLUE WHATSOEVER THAT THAT WAS BIG FLOYD . .
First Eric Garner now George Floyd
This statement sucks and removes all agency from the cops who MURDERED . Also , why never mention his name ? He is n't just an African American man dying , he was George Floyd and he was murdered . Now is n't a time for milquetoast platitudes .
Get off work and see George Floyd being murdered by police . This shit has to fucking stop . Police culture is fucked . Time to go outside and get my head straight . I suggests everyone takes a walk then ks up the fight again
'Being Black In America Should Not Be A Death Sentence ' : Officials Respond To George Floyd 's Death
George Floyd
George Floyd video was actually horrifying to watch and an absolutely disgusting act by officers involved . Hopefully justice will be served , but actions like this should be a thing of the past and it ’ s heartbreaking seeing it happen over and over again . Smfh .
George Floyd . Shit makes me sick .
Yesterday I listened to stories by Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander people for Sorry Day—stories of harm & resilience & hope . Yesterday I read about Amy Cooper & now , George Floyd . Heartbroken . White privilege is poison . It kills people . We must see it . We must change .
Video shows Minneapolis cop with knee on neck of George Floyd , who later died - CBS News
The former Mpls police officer who murdered George Floyd .. wearing a cap with MAKE WHITES GREAT AGAIN .
George Floyd was detained . George Floyd was not resisting arrest . George Floyd was murdered .
Now is not the time to rush judge , Minneapolis Police union says if the horrid details of George Floyd . Not necessarily true but I would rush to a good lawyer . Thank God for camera video .
It ’ s kind of hard for me to engage with any content showing George Floyd . Even a like makes me uncomfortable . I don ’ t really want to see a black man getting killed on my timeline and I know people see what I like on
Who is George Floyd ( Big Floyd ) Wiki , Biography , Age , Net Worth , Career , Net Worth , Instagram , Facts You Need to Know
When one looks at the videos of Amy Cooper , George Floyd , people referred to as human capital stock , the demand to go back to work , it becomes clear that the rituals and practices by which black people are situated within the social formation is through death or its threat .
This is horrifying , and utterly fucking disgusting . It is mind boggling how many cops are actually just racist piece of shit pigs- but nothing has been done to fix it and this continues to happen . RIP To George Floyd
heart aches for George Floyd , and his family .
I watched the murder of George Floyd ...
CW : This is a very graphic description of George Floyd 's murder by police officers . Even if you ca n't read it , we need to know his name .
George Floyd case : 4 Minneapolis cops are fired after video shows one kneeling on neck of black man who later died - CNN . This is the start but it can ’ t be the finish . The OM with his knee on his neck needs to be found guilty of murder the other accessory
His name is George Floyd .
“ Liberals are racist too ” “ Amy Cooper weaponized her white womanhood against a black man ” “ We need murder convictions not just firings for George Floyd ’ s killers ” I ’ m glad we ’ ve reached a consensus on these things but I ’ m awaiting the broad demands for systematic change ...
I 'm not gon na rt the George Floyd video for obvious reasons ... but this shit keeps happening ... every time but crooked fucking racist pigs ... fuck this bullshit ass system and fuck America tbh
Huh that ai n't enough Four Minneapolis police officers fired after death of George Floyd
I 'm cant wait to see what the and police union has to say about George Floyd 's murder
I wonder how the store worker who called the police on George Floyd that got him killed is feeling right about now
THAT OFFICER MURDERED GEORGE FLOYD ! ! ! ! !
I still can ’ t get over that video . George Floyd is saying countless times “ I can ’ t breathe ” along with the individuals recording those fucking “ officers. ” They have their hands in their pockets , essentially mocking the situation . Shit is a ridiculous cycle , heartbreaking .
I 'm willing to bet that the officers , who are responsible for the unimaginable mistreatment + subsequent death of George Floyd — are repeat offenders , where blatant misuse of power is concerned . What will it take for these situations to be a thing of the past ?
4 Minneapolis police officers fired as FBI investigates George Floyd ’ s death
Imagine someone trying to justify the murders of Ahmaud Arbery or George Floyd . Now imagine a person who would be attracted to the vileness , lies , and division of Donald Trump . You ’ re right . They are the same person .
RIP George Floyd
Huge protests in Minneapolis right now in response to the murder of George Floyd by the Minneapolis Police Dept .
I hope these 4 Police Officers are haunted and tormented by their minds ... every time they close their eyes ... may they think about how they killed George Floyd . May they forever and always feel winded and unable to breath properly .
The death of George Floyd was a murder and should be prosecuted accordingly . Firing the perpetrators is not enough . They need to face a jury .
LIVE Protests | George Floyd | Murdered by Minneapolis Police
. his name is George Floyd , not just Black man !
A lot of the people that demanded the end of Kaepernick 's career for kneeling during the national anthem also are some of the people angry over the death of George Floyd . They still do n't get why he took a knee
Watching the murder of George Floyd at the hands of Minneapolis Police is the most difficult thing I ’ ve seen in a long time . We all should be united in the fight to end police brutality against Black Men .
Minneapolis officers involved in deadly arrest of George Floyd have been fired via
Christian Cooper ( NY dog lady ) is the before video of George Floyd ( Minneapolis ) . That ’ s what calling the police on black people in America is threatening and making a reality . That ’ s why we ’ re angry . Both instances live on identical timelines
His NAME was George Floyd . And he was a man who had a life just like you and I . Respect that much about him .
SAY HIS NAME : GEORGE FLOYD
George Floyd
Them officers need to b arrested and charged with 1 degree Murder r.i.p George Floyd
Our stream is now stable from Minneapolis protest about yesterday ’ s police killing of George Floyd . Watch with us on periscope :
George Floyd . Christian Cooper . God have mercy .
RIP George Floyd
The George Floyd situation is infuriating , it 's Eric Garner all over again `` I ca n't breathe '' , exactly the damn same . I ca n't watch the whole thing , just watching one minute of it gets my adrenaline going . It 's horrifying .
'Completely And Utterly Messed Up ' : Video Of Fatal Arrest Shows Minneapolis Officer Kneeling On George Floyd 's Neck For 7 Minutes
George Floyd was murdered and those cops need to be held accountable and arrested , the amount of times cops get away with their blatant racism and violence is far too much
please be considerate of the black community when sharing these photos and videos . please put censor warnings on your posts . we can share photos of george floyd but please respect him and the rest of the community suffering . please please please .
Fired ? No , it better not end there for the 4 officers who are responsible for George Floyd ’ s death . They better be arrested and charged with MURDER .
And George Floyd
My heart goes out to George Floyd 's family and friends . He did not deserve to die ; he did not deserve to struggle and suffocate , while begging for help . I 'm glad that the officers involved are being held accountable for their unacceptable actions . Minnesota is better than this .
When people like Amy Cooper call the police on people like George Floyd b/c `` she feels threatened , '' the former is putting the latter 's life in danger . White friends , if your life is not in immediate danger , please think thoughtfully before you call the police on a Black person .
i don ’ t want to retweet the video of george floyd but my heart is acc broken they ’ re literally murdering black people in broad daylight , cameras out and all , probably knowing the possibility of them being held accountable is v v slim
So disappointed in my city today ugh ! ! ! Rest In Peace George Floyd ...
Finally worked up the stomach to watch the MURDER of George Floyd in Minneapolis ... and it ’ s only after the video goes viral that the officers involved see consequence . Disgusting .
Good that they were fired . Any has to be punished and investigated . What exactly triggered this event ? We only see the ( very disturbing ) video of George Floyd handcuffed and being choked under the knee of the officer . There 's no video of what lead up to that ?
: Who Was Minnesota Man George Floyd ? [ Photos ] ,
Minneapolis Police Department Fires Four Officers involved in George Floyd ’ s Death
Firing those four MPD officers is not enough . George Floyd was murdered in broad daylight and the officers need to be held accountable . We are long past `` reform '' being a reasonable solution to the never ending violence brought on by police . The system needs to be abolished .
4 Minneapolis Police Officers Fired Over George Floyd Death via
The Amy Cooper and George Floyd stories are heart wrenching and disgusting . My soul is disturbed ... How depraved must you to be the antagonizer in both cases .. the depravity of Humanity knows no depths .. God help us
George Floyd Akiel Denkins Gregory Gunn Samuel DuBose Brendon Glenn Freddie Gray Natasha McKenna Sean Reed Steven Demarco Taylor Atatiana Jefferson Eric Garner Tamir Rice .. and so many others all perished due to Racial Bias.Remember these names
: Minneapolis Responds To Police Murder of George Floyd via
The men who MURDERED George Floyd need to be imprisoned not fired ? ? ! ! You don ’ t lost your job when you murder someone , you go to prison . Lock them up for life .
Right now ! If I were the congressional representatives for MN ... I 'd be starting an investigation into the death of George Floyd by 4 fired police officers ... and I 'd do this quickly !
Justice for George Floyd
: George Floyd .
Update : After nationwide backlash the 4 officers responsible for the murder of George Floyd have been fired !
Man who died after arrest in Minneapolis identified as George Floyd
What makes the George Floyd video an even greater horror : 1 ) He asked the police officer to stop . 2 ) Members of the public asked the police officer to stop . 3 ) There were three other officers that could have asked him to stop . 4 ) There was no reason not to stop .
So George Floyd is murdered from getting pinned down by a racist Pig policeman for forgery . But the AG Pig is dropping insider trading charges against Loeffler where she made millions . I ’ m sick . This is not right . I ’ m so outraged . We got ta get this administration OUT !
Reminder : You can speak on George Floyd without retweeting the video .
His name was George Floyd . The officers were fired , that ’ s barely a start . Also , he “ suffered medical distress ” ? ! He was SUFFOCATED BY A MAN KNEELING on HIS NECK . He said “ I can not breathe , I can not breathe ! Don ’ t kill me ! ” and then died . That ’ s MURDER .
MPD Chief Arradondo : 4 Police Officers Fired Following Death Of George Floyd
Four Minneapolis police officers have been fired for their involvement in the death of George Floyd , a black man who was held down with a knee as he protested that he couldn ’ t breathe , officials said Tuesday . The FBI is investigating the incident .
i couldn ’ t even look at that video of george floyd .
Rip George Floyd
Rest In Peace George Floyd , those cops were barbaric and committed murder . Revolting and nauseating .
Good ! ! ! Four Minneapolis police officers fired after death of unarmed man George Floyd via
George Floyd
Four Minneapolis police officers have been fired for their involvement in the death of George Floyd , a black man who was held down with a knee as he protested that he couldn ’ t breathe , officials said Tuesday . The FBI is investigating the incident .
George Floyd died in an epidemic that started well before the pandemic . 1/
Opened today & my TL consisted of : ~Krispy Kreme ~Police at it again ( R.IP . Floyd ) ~Young LSU wildin ~People Upset over Krispy Kreme ~BR natives giving History lessons
George Floyd death : Black US man dies after officer pins him down
Not RT ’ ing images of George Floyd in his last moments . Just sad and angry as all hell .
George Floyd case : 4 Minneapolis cops are fired after video shows one kneeling on neck of black man who later died - CNN
George Floyd . Not another name , not another statistic , not a news story . He is a man made in the image of God . Church rise up , silence is not an option . God has commissioned us to represent him in the face of injustice . Speak out . Lord please intervene . Lord help us !
Let me see ONE person on here bring up any “ prior records ” or whatnot to justify why George Floyd was murdered . You will absolutely be blocked .
That 's really sad they way that cop killed George Floyd
Video shows Minneapolis cop with knee on neck of George Floyd , who later died - CBS News
If you ’ re disgusted by George Floyd ’ s murder , then support black lives matter . Support . Engage in conversation . Be an ally . This is what black Americans have been fighting against for decades , and will continue to face if change is not enacted .
RIP George Floyd . It ’ s a disgrace this continues to happen .
George Floyd . Say his fucking name .
Stop playing the George Floyd video i can ’ t take it
Enough is enough . White police , stop killing blacks We do n't want them just fired , That is not justice , charge them for murder of George Floyd
`` 4 fired after video shows one kneeling on neck of man [ George ] who later died . '' Police used inappropriate deadly force ! They should be prosecuted .
Whatever terrible take I have on anything , it will pale in comparison to Bloomberg QuickTake calling what happened to George Floyd ( not `` Black Man '' for fuck 's sake ) a `` death in police custody '' instead of idk `` officers fired without arrest for the murder of George Floyd '' maybe ?
George Floyd should be alive , period .
Wonder what trump thinks about the knee taken to kill George Floyd ?
4 Minneapolis Officers Fired after the k ! lling of George Floyd goes vira ... via
George Floyd death : Black US man dies after officer pins him down
His name was George Floyd and he mattered .
I have seen LONG SEGMENTS of the news on stupid sh * t ! The video taped MURDER of George Floyd should be an expose indeed , but reveal outrage by the media of a man murdered in broad daylight by race soldiers . `` Today , a mass crowd gathered at the site . Back to you , Tom ! ''
Racism is the absolute worst and laxity to it a close second . Derek Chauvin and Tou Thao absolutely need to be arrested and tried for their roles in the murder of George Floyd + the MPD needs to fully investigate the quality of their officers and their ‘ training ’ .
Being black in America should not be a death sentence RIP George Floyd
His name was George Floyd .
Take a deep breath ... Unfortunately George Floyd doesn ’ t have that ability anymore . If I ever yell “ I can ’ t breathe ... ” Don ’ t watch or record ... Help Me ! I don ’ t care what anyone has to say . Jump In and do something ! Words have power ! Listen ! ! !
The other 3 cops watching the `` pinning '' of George Floyd ...
Disgusting just disgusting . There are no words ... there is a real problem in this country . We must demand justice for George Floyd ! ! !
This is George Floyd . Yesterday was his last day on earth . He spent the last TEN MINUTES of his life BEGGING . PLEADING for what we take for granted even now , the ability to breathe . A Minneapolis police officer…
New Podcast ! `` George Floyd '' on
Tough to watch George Floyd go through that . . Do you understand why Kaep was kneeling now ? If a man is struggling to breathe and you continue to forcefully put your knee on his neck/throat & he dies , thats murder . so sad and if you ca n't understand it , you have no heart
Rip George Floyd
Ion say much but , George Floyd fam got every right to retaliate
Seemed like the officer was happy to put his knee along with all his body weight on George Floyd 's neck .
RIP George Floyd .
Praying for George Floyd and his family
My latest along w/ my colleagues . Four Minneapolis police officers have now been fired after George Floyd , a black man , was restrained by the neck and died in custody on Monday night . Here 's what we know about the case :
George Floyd could have been my last week . How many more headlines will we have to see before there is reform in this system ? Idk about the rest of my black people but I am sick and fuckin tired of this . A time when we got a pandemic , murder wasps , all this shit
George Floyd is an unfortunate example as to why Amy Cooper and others like her are dangerous . The police protect her . The police kills men like Mr. Floyd .
RIP George Floyd . Sam Cooke 's `` change '' still has n't come ... Listening to a certain N.W.A song on blast
I can ’ t breathe - George Floyd Murdered by four Minneapolis police officers , in 2020 , in America , Again . And you wonder why black people are angry .
Being black IS the crime Punishable by death . I ’ m angry . George Floyd should be alive to tell his own story . I shouldn ’ t have to do it for him .
George Floyd death : Black US man dies after officer pins him down
Minneapolis cops involved in George Floyd 's death fired : If they do n't stand trial for the death of him then they are free as wild birds . ? utm_source=_sitebuttons & utm_medium=site % 20buttons & utm_campaign=site % 20buttons via
George Floyd WAS NOT a threat ! There were FOUR Officers ! !
When “ I can ’ t breathe ” became a movement from Eric Garner ( rest his soul ) , I never imagined having to see such a scene play out again . I have had no words since seeing the video of George Floyd , I just can not with this terrible place we live in .
Exactly right . I cried when my dogs passed away . But to mention the distress of a dog in the same breath as the intentional destruction of not only a man ’ s reputation & freedom , but of his LIFE ! NO ! George Floyd was murdered today by police in broad daylight . !
The Christian Cooper situation has me really fucked up .. The George Floyd situation has me fucked up . Don ’ t know why I watched that video but it made me cry . That white women and asshole cops do not value black skin at all , they deserve everything they are getting and much more .
JUST IN : Video obtained by CBS News shows what appears to be the start of the confrontation between George Floyd & Minneapolis cops . The restaurant security footage shows officers taking him into custody , but the restaurant 's owner says it does not show Floyd resisting arrest .
Good to hear that the four cops who killed George Floyd have been fired from the police force in Minneapolis . Now they MUST be ARRESTED . Not three months from now . But NOW now . In the final analysis George Floyd should NEVER have been killed .
While this is a start , it is not enough . All four should be arrested and prosecuted for murdering George Floyd .
And I hope there ’ s a place much better than this for George Floyd on the other side
F * * k 12 : George Floyd Murdered By Minneapolis Police Officer While Cowardly Colleagues Watched , 4 Cops Fired
The right call is trialling them and getting some kind of justice for George Floyd and his family . he was dehumanised and murdered , his life should never have been taken in such a way
Anything less than a prison sentence for the officer that killed George Floyd is wrong . He willfully killed despite attempts to say he could n't breathe . The US police setup is just one messed up system . Such a shameful set .
Please stop retweeting the video of George Floyd . My heart is tired .
This is America . Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe . # via
THIS MUST STOP A nationally-recognized civil rights attorney stated he will be representing the family of George Floyd , identifying the man who died following an incident in Minneapolis Monday night .
George Floyd begged for his life while the police knelt on his neck .
Just finished watching the vid of these clowns Derek Chauvin badge & Tou Thao Badge kill George Floyd . Fuck being fired . need to be serving justice by making an arrest to their own kind ...
I don ’ t understand our world anymore . And it has nothing to do with . George Floyd was murdered by Mpls Police last night .
4 Minneapolis Officers Fired after the k ! lling of George Floyd goes viral via
“ Being Black in America should not be a death sentence. ” RIP George Floyd .
George Floyd
Honestly ? Instead of recording George Floyd dying , I dead ass would ’ ve tackled that cop . I ’ m SICK of seeing black people being killed by police for NO REASON . The other cop should be ASHAMED of himself for allowing his partner to do that to another human being .
I listened to George Floyd beg for air , plead for his life , and after I cried because racism is alive and justice wasn ’ t blind . If you watch the video and don ’ t feel like this country needs to change , that the criminal justice system doesn ’ t need to change ; Unfollow me .
I will not watch the video of Mr. Floyd ’ s murder . That could be my son ! I do not have empathy for Amy Cooper . That could be my son !
I ’ m in tears of anguish and righteous anger . Posting yet another message about another black life taken by racism and brutality . Another black life denied their humanity . George Floyd couldn ’ t breathe . And we shouldn ’ t be able to breathe freely until this evil stops !
that video of George Floyd being murdered is so sad .
4 Minnesota police officers fired after death of George Floyd , black man seen pinned down in video
Minneapolis Police Officer Who ‘ Killed ’ George Floyd Is Reportedly Identified
How much of a jacka $ $ are you when wearing a bodycam and you put your knee into Floyd 's neck . How the hell is he resisting arrest ? He stopped moving and the officer KEPT his knee there ! MURDER ! Plain and simple ! But anyone with our skin is expendable in America . KEEP
`` George Floyd '' is why he did this ........
Guys ... can y ’ all please put a TW at least if you ’ re going to repost the George Floyd video ? I can ’ t even fathom how triggering it may be to be a person of color having to watch another video like this YET AGAIN .
The death of George Floyd is absolutely devastating… I really friggin hope those officers go to jail for life . Getting fired is n't nearly enough . Also it 's absurd that `` Amy Cooper '' is a household name but the names of the officers are n't being released .
Devastated George Floyd .
Please don ’ t sit there and shake your head ! Say , that ’ s sad ! What can you do ? Call and make a difference ! His name was George Floyd ! ! !
' I Ca n't Breathe ' : Man Killed In MPD Arrest Identified As George Floyd via
I hope justice is served for than just a lost of job for the 4 officers who MURDERED George Floyd .
4 Minneapolis police officers were fired today after a black man died in custody last night . Video shows George Floyd repeatedly telling police he couldn ’ t breathe as a white officer pressed a knee into Floyd ’ s neck . The FBI is investigating . reports
Protestors come together in reaction to George Floyd 's death
4 Minneapolis Officers Fired After The Death of George Floyd
DEVELOPING : 4 Minneapolis cops were fired Tuesday after an unarmed black man died while handcuffed and then pinned to the ground ; George Floyd repeatedly told the police officers that he couldn ’ t breathe . The FBI has launched an investigation . reports
What we know about Derek Chauvin and Tou Thao , two of the officers caught on tape in the death of George Floyd
Every time I see the George Floyd video , I tear up . Why does this have to be the reality for black people in America ? An alleged forged check is worth someone 's life ? Really ? Eric Garner , now George Floyd ... may they rest in peace man
4 Cops Fired For The Death of GEORGE FLOYD By Knee In His Neck | World News o
George Floyd was killed he was suspected of writing a bad check , appeared to be intoxicated , and allegedly resisted arrest . Not one of these actions deserves the type of treatment George received . My heart breaks for him his family . Something has to change .
Justice for George Floyd !
Every single human being that knows about the death of George Floyd should be outraged beyond imagination . Not just today for a few minutes ... until something changes .
My heart is heavy seeing the murder of George Floyd
Seriously why is it necessary to continue to show the murder of George Floyd on live tv ? It ’ s horrible and disturbing .
Pray for George Floyd 's family . Demand justice . This has to stop .
I literally can not watch the video . I feel sick even looking at the ture . I am so sorry to George Floyd and his family . I hope they find peace and justice .
`` I ca n't breathe , I 'm about to die '' He died ! When will black ( all ) lives finally matter ? When will slavery finally end ?
That George Floyd death has ruined my day !
Minneapolis Police Department Fires Four Officers Over George Floyd ’ s Death - WSJ
My best friend who lives in Minneapolis sent me this photo showing the cop that killed George Floyd front row at a recent rally he had there . Anyone know if it 's a real photo ? If so , that 's sickening
|NEWS| Minneapolis Police Kill Unarmed Black Man George `` Big Floyd '' Floy ... via
Derek Chauvin and the three others involved are finding their initial report and subsequent actions under investigation . There must finally be consequence & justice for this kind of excessive force that took George Floyd 's life !
The cop that killed George Floyd needs to be arrested and tried for murder . And the cops that stood around and watched should be arrested and tried as accomplices
I can ’ t bring myself to watch the George Floyd video . I made that mistake with Ahmaud Arberry ’ s murder . I ’ ll take yalls word for it . I ’ m sick
What in the hell were officers in Minnesota thinking for certain they are irresponsible unable to protect or care they have no right to wear a badge or carry a weapon ! But the real question is are they racist “ YES ” Did they murder George Floyd “ YES ” ! Will they be prosecuted ? ? ? ? ?
I finally watched the heartbreaking video of George Floyd ’ s murder in broad daylight by an officer . In front of many bystanders , knowing they were filming it . There are no words . Disregard for human life . Please God let justice be served .
So angry at the lack of outcry from the church concerning George Floyd , Ahmaud Arbery , Christian Cooper and all other senseless deaths and harassment of our brothers and sisters of color . What are we doing church ? ! ? Oh that ’ s right you ’ re complaining about having to wear a mask ...
There 's a damn good chance that more people will insist on `` justice '' for Carolyn ( which I would normally be all over ) than will insist upon justice for George Floyd or Ahmaud Arbery , Georege Floyd , Breonna Taylor , etc . Etc.Etc .
No the right call is to charge them with Murder ! ! ! R.I.P George Floyd ! !
GEORGE FLOYD
if you want justice for George Floyd text “ FLOYD ” to 55156 !
JFC . George Floyd is dead- murdered in broad daylight . What did he keep saying as a cop jammed his knee into his neck ? “ I can ’ t breathe ” . COVID-19 may be a global pandemic , but the real plague in America is racism . We will never be great until black lives matter .
4 Minneapolis Police Officers Fired Over George Floyd Death
George Floyd died after a police officer knelt on his neck for 5 minutes . Even after pleading to the officer that he could n't breathe ....... and horse is over here arguing over whether or not a $ 35,000 horse is `` high end ''
If you feel sorry for Amy Cooper , and if you are OK with Minneapolis police killing George Floyd by choking him to death , it is obvious that .
George Floyd . speechless
George Floyd death : Black US man dies after officer pins him down
Activists urged demonstrators to wear masks and have said a march may be planned to the police precinct . We ’ ve learned George Floyd worked security for the last five years at Conga Latin Bistro in Northeast Minneapolis — “ a nice guy who didn ’ t deserve to die , ” the owner said .
R.I.P George Floyd
George Floyd the police officer to get off his neck , the restraint was excessive , abusive , cruel , inhumane , wicked , without compassion and just dark . It costed his life .
george floyd george floyd george floyd george floyd george floyd george floyd george floyd george floyd i did know you but ik you did not deserve this and you will not be forgotten
Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe . via
With what happened to Chris Cooper and the death of George Floyd in the past few days this is so much more painfully clear . And it 's true because of white folks .
The fact we ’ re in 2020 and we ’ re having to DEMANDS for justice is crazy . Why is there still such a struggle ! ? This police officer should be recognised as a murderer . Nothing less . R.I.P George Floyd .
Stop covering this story and concentrate on this one instead , the murder of George Floyd
George Floyd
Should be numb to the senseless killings of minorities by this point . Prayers to George Floyd and his family .
George Floyd
* Disclaimer , do your own research , do not rely on this video exclusively for information . FBI Called In Over `` I Ca n't Breathe '' George Floyd Police Death , The Vide ... via
Minneapolis Police Officers Involved In Death Of George Floyd Fired ,
I watched the video of George Floyd . It was murder . The police sat on his neck . On purpose . The other officers did nothing . They all deserve to be arrested and charged with MURDER .
I understood white privilege the second my white son told me about being pulled over by police . While waiting in the car , he reached into the back seat to get the food he 'd just bought . That very instant I completely knew white privilege . I 'm weeping for George Floyd 's family .
Video shows Minneapolis cop with knee on neck of George Floyd , who later died - CBS News
What we know about Derek Chauvin and Tou Thao , two of the officers caught on tape in the death of George Floyd
Do the words `` I ca n't breathe '' sound familiar ? Minneapolis Police Dept . Fires Four Officers Over George Floyd ’ s Death ; FBI , state authorities launch investigation after Facebook video shows Mr. Floyd telling officers he couldn ’ t breathe -WSJ
Justice for George Floyd
Just saw the George Floyd murder , fucking hate the American racist cops , could barely watch it
Not even going to front - the whole George Floyd thing is heart breaking and blood boiling . I 'm not breaking any mold by saying this is n't fair , but shit man : where do we find hope when our cops are a wildcard to our safety ?
`` 'Please , please , I can ’ t breathe . Please , man , please , ' Floyd says repeatedly , as a police officer holds a knee against his neck for eight minutes . '' EIGHT fucking minutes .
I am so enraged ! ! ! ! ! Just watched the video of George Floyd being killed in Minneapolis ! ! ! ! Who the F do they think they are ? ? ? They deserve a long and hurtful death ! They ’ re so disgusting
Rest In Peace George Floyd . Yet another unarmed black man brutalized by the Police department . Minneapolis , Minnesota . 2020
4 Minneapolis Police Officers Fired Over George Floyd Death
George Floyd isn ’ t Eric Garner , he ’ s George Floyd . I ’ m tired . My soul is tired .
That George Floyd video was just on CNN . Sadly , some things ca n't be unseen .
Mr. Floyd was murdered by the police in ‘ great ’ America
This George Floyd death by cops has me feeling some type of way which just so happens to be unrelenting vengeful fury .
The police officers involved in the death of George Floyd , should get life In prison .
I don ’ t understand how some people in this world can be so fuelled by hatred and evil . How can some people be so twisted they see the life of another as worthless , and believe they have the right to play God ? Genuinely devastated by the George Floyd story this needs to stop
Rest easy George Floyd . It wasn ’ t your time to end but hopefully it will soon be theirs .
Four cops fired after video emerges showing death of George Floyd – DeadState
George Floyd died before he was even put on that stretcher . This is cold blooded murder .
Never seen anything more upsetting than the video of police murdering George Floyd in Minneapolis .
George Floyd Died After Police Knelt on His Neck During Arrest | NowThis via
RIP George Floyd . I am so heartbroken that the same things KEEP HAPPENING to my people . It ’ s infuriating .
Four Minneapolis cops are fired over the death of handcuffed black man George Floyd after video showed white officer kneeling on his neck for 6 minutes during arrest for forgery
The four cops who killed George Floyd must be charged with MURDER/MANSLAUGHTER ! Forget being fired ! Those white cops need serious jail time !
If the media slanders George Floyd ’ s name in anyway I ’ m rioting .
George Floyd death : Black US man dies after officer pins him down
The police officers who killed George Floyd should be in prison . That was murder . Period .
THE MINNEAPOLIS OFFICER WHO NEALT WITH HIS KNEE ON FLOYD ’ s NECK NEEDS TO BE PROSECUTED FOR MURDER ONE .
RIp George Floyd .
CBS Evening News ca n't even manage to say that the police murdered George Floyd . It 's so straight forward & clear that he was murdered but heaven forbid we call it by an accurate word ! Fuck this bullshit worthless `` newscast '' !
Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe .
This is Kirk 's way of deflecting from the fact that those Minneapolis cops just got fired for committing murdering George Floyd .
A video showed a City of Minneapolis officer kneeling on a handcuffed George Floyd , an African-American man ’ s , neck and ignoring the man ’ s protests that he couldn ’ t breathe . The man , who was under arrest for a non-violent crime , later died .
Black Lives Matter . George Floyd 's Life Matters . Christian Cooper 's Life Matters . Ahmaud Arbery 's Life Matters . Black Lives Matter .
4 Minnesota police officers fired after death of George Floyd , black man seen pinned down in video
RIP George Floyd
Every single officer involved in the george floyd murder should be charged and convicted of murder . Absolutely sick . Fuck the police .
PRAY FOR MPLS JUSTICE 4 GEORGE FLOYD @ Cup Foods
Idc about them crooked cops being fired ! Put em in jail , straight up . And their salaries , retirement , pension need to go to George Floyd 's family .
Those idiots who killed George floyd should be procecutedSacking them ca n't be equated to death they causedJustice to floyd
Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe . via
I ’ m so angered by that video watching George Floyd die on video . What the fuck is wrong with the cops today .
4 Minneapolis Officers Fired after the k ! lling of George Floyd goes vira ... via
Billboard : Ice Cube Wonders 'How Long ' Before People 'Strike Back ' Against Police After George Floyd 's Death . via
If you don ’ t understand why we are so outraged at Amy in Central Park yesterday . It ’ s because she was hoping what happened to George Floyd would happen to the guy she was threatening . Now I know these are two…
Just saw the video of George Floyd and I am weeping . When will this shit come to an end ? !
That was the first time seeing someone murdered on IG unbelievable . I got nothin .... George Floyd didn ’ t deserve that .
RIP to George Floyd . I ’ m praying for his family and friends .
Yes , sir , it is ! But what next ? Will they be charged and potentially convicted ? Like any American , such as George Floyd , deserved ? Cops taking the law into their own hands MUST . STOP .
View from atop a church at the intersection of E 38th St and Chicago Avenue , where people are protesting the death of George Floyd . Speaker just told the crowd that a March will start soon .
Hell yeah we Americans are mad ! ! ! ! Justice for George Floyd
Minneapolis officers involved in deadly arrest of George Floyd have been fired via
If both of the officers that murdered George Floyd don ’ t go to prison , I ’ ll never trust our system again . They both deserve to burn .
George Floyd .
Sorry it ended like this Mr George Floyd
If you are OK with Minneapolis police officers killing George Floyd , it is obvious .
Just read what happened to George Floyd . I feel so heartbroken , sad and angry . How can stuff like this continue to happen .. What sort of world do we live in where this happens ? The police officers need to be brought to justice , absolutely evil
Minnesota AFL-CIO Responds to George Floyd ’ s Death
Damn cnn showing that video of the George floyd
George Floyd
Rest In Peace George Floyd
: Minneapolis Responds To Police Murder of George Floyd
Rip George Floyd seems like shit just never gets better
latinx people identify your own anti-blackness and stop using the George Floyd and Amanda Cooper incidents to decry racism against “ people of color ” challenge
Had no idea George Floyd was Stephen Jackson ’ s brother .. prayers out to that man & his family
dear your story seems to have conveniently popped up at a time when an atrocious murder was committed in Minneapolis , if you want to make a positive impact please bring attention to the murder of George Floyd while in police custody
police murdered that man Floyd ... unbelievable
George Floyd
Minneapolis officers involved in deadly arrest of George Floyd have been fired via
Please stop calling him “ black man ” his name was George Floyd and his life matters
4 Minneapolis police officers fired following death of George Floyd in police custody
The cop with the knee on George Floyd ’ s neck looks like he ’ s enjoying it . Glad he was fired . Now send him to jail .
Minneapolis police kneeling on the neck of a man who repeatedly cried ' I can ’ t breathe , ' four officers have been fired from the department . The man identified as George Floyd died at a hospital . What have we done as a black people in this country ?
4 Minnesota police officers fired after death of George Floyd , black man seen pinned down in video
. Quote from the murder of George Floyd - “ This is why you don ’ t do drugs , kids. ” Marijuana is legal in 11 states . It ’ s time to quit hiding behind this racist law ! cc :
Christian Cooper could have easily become George Floyd because Amy Cooper didn ’ t want a black man telling her to comply with the law .
REMINDER : What happened to George Floyd Is what Amy Cooper hoped would happen to Christian Cooper
this is how this cops killed George Floyd
How many black men have to die for cops to be held accountable . I ’ m so tired of this . R.I.P George Floyd , I pray you are brought to justice .
Why ? Why did that officer have his knee on George Floyd ’ s neck that long ? Even IF George was previously resisting an arrest , he was not resisting in the final minutes of the officer ’ s knee brutally on his neck . Why ? Why ? Why ?
George Floyd .
this shit cant continue like this . RIP George Floyd .
george floyd deserves justice and his m * rder * r deserves to be imprisoned , not just fired .
I just watched the George Floyd video . This type of shit builds hatred in your heart
Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe . via
What ’ s the difference between Oscar Grant III and George Floyd ? Just the location . For those of you who only got punt in game to police brutality when Trayvon Martin name was in the news I suggest you do some research
R.I.P . George Floyd
This absolutely IS the time to rush to judgement , just like this murder/cop did . Completely And Utterly Messed Up ’ : Video Of Fatal Arrest Shows Minneapolis Officer Kneeling On George Floyd ’ s Neck For 7 Minutes – WCCO | CBS Minnesota
I know not all cops are bad but the good ones got ta start holding the bad ones accountable , otherwise things like what we saw in that video are going to continue to happen due to lack of accountability . RIP to George Floyd .
George Floyd
that was not only a civil rights violation it was MURDER . Those officers swore to PROTECT and serve , and they failed miserably . My deepest condolences to Mr. George Floyd ’ s family and loved ones . This should not have happened .
I ’ ve yet to see any of my friends that argued wearing a mask violated their civil rights speak up or post anything about George Floyd and the incident in Minnesota .... your silence is noted
Mothers Of Black Men Killed By Police React To George Floyd ’ s ‘ Murder ’ In Minneapolis The mothers of Philando Castile and Eric Garner were speaking out .
RIP George Floyd .. Could be my dad or yours next
`` The Minneapolis police officer shown on video kneeling on George Floyd 's neck as Floyd pleaded for help , along with another officer who stood by and watched , have both been involved in use-of-force incidents over their careers . '' Shocked .
This is n't over until the complete investagation is over from a outside entity FBI . We have witnessed George Floyd 's brutal murder and all officers involved should be charged with Mr.Floyds murder .
4 Minnesota police officers fired after death of George Floyd , black man seen pinned down in video
RIP George Floyd
Four Minneapolis officers fired after death of black man Four Minneapolis officers fired after murdering an innocent man named George Floyd ... Another modern day lynching .. * * * *
I 'll bet George Floyd might wish he could be fired today . But I 'm really happy Christian Cooper 's alive and that woman did n't get him killed when she very well could have . I want Cooper to get to look at all the birds . So I 'm donating to Audubon today .
RIP George Floyd . Those officers involved should never wear their badges again . Justice needs to be served . The black community deserves so much better than this .
Multiple Cops Fired After Horrifying Video Showed George Floyd 's Last Moments Alive
This is George Floyd . George did n't deserve to be murdered by the Minneapolis police last night . May his soul rest in peace , and may his killers be swiftly prosecuted . George was killed by Officer Derek Chauvin . Accomplice , Officer Tou Thao .
Brief video showing initial stop and detainment of George Floyd ... doesn ’ t look that bad in terms of resistance by him but short video
Do I support law enforcement ? Yes . I support those that protect and serve their communities . I don ’ t support those who disrespect the badge and cause more harm than good . Eric Garner , Philando Castile , etc . and now sadly George Floyd ..
I don ’ t care what George Floyd did or what they say he was on . It was absolutely no need to stay with your knee on his neck like that . Hearing him scream he can ’ t breathe and watching his nose bleed with no remorse . When will it end
RIP george floyd
R.I.P Mr. George Floyd . We as a nation can not turn a blind eye to this anymore . “ Serve and protect ” my ass
George Floyd death : Black US man dies after officer pins him down
These days the only crime U get killed for is Being Black . Rest Easy Twin . Starting tight end 92 . Made it to state championship . Bruh wasn ’ t no bum . Had hoop game too . U will know who Floyd was . Nobodies perfect…
George Floyd deserved better . Ahmaud Arbery deserved better . Bothem Jean deserved better . Atatiana Jefferson deserved better . Stephon Clark deserved better . Tamir Rice deserved better . Mike Brown deserved better . Sandra Bland deserved better . Eric Garner deserved better .
4 Minnesota police officers fired after death of George Floyd , black man seen pinned down in video vía
The police said he died from a `` medical incident . '' Reminds me of Freddie Gray . He said that he could n't breathe . Reminds me of Eric Garner . He was pinned to the ground . Reminds me of Alton Sterling . The man 's name was George Floyd . How many names on the list before this stops ?
I wo n't the video as it 's harrowing but George Floyd killed by police in Minnesota today in front of multiple witnesses , shortly after that video circulated of Amy Cooper blatantly trying to get Christian Cooper killed by police , is just ... Words ca n't sum it up , but Jesus .
George Floyd deserved so much better than that . I just can ’ t stop crying over this situation .
Minneapolis officers involved in deadly arrest of George Floyd have been fired via
George Floyd 's murderer still has n't been arrested . This is why Kaepernick kneeled . Yet it continues to happen . Which knee is more upsetting ? This needs to stop , and we all need to speak a lot louder .
that video just broke my heart smh . praying for George Floyd ’ s family . i hope those cops get the death penalty
see , I ’ ve touched my brothers dead body that was filled w ; bullet holes at the hands of police and so , unless you ’ ve experienced that , or are African American .. you wouldn ’ t really understand the collective grief that killings of George Floyd & others bring .
People get mad when we have something bad to say about law enforcement but every time we open our phones & turn on the TV about them against the black community what do we see ? Rest in Paradise George Floyd
Those murderers need to be in jail for George Floyd ’ s death . NOT OK
His name was George Floyd . His name was George Floyd . His name was George Floyd . His name was George Floyd . His name was George Floyd . His name was George Floyd . His name was George Floyd . His name was George Floyd . His name was George Floyd . His name was George Floyd .
Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe . via
They flat out committed Mr.Floyd & his family have been denied their rights , and now , it is time for the p.o.s . `` officers '' to loose their luxuries to life .
Yet another Black person murdered by the police . “ The ” not “ a ” because policing itself , in tandem with white supremacy and the weaponization of whiteness , upholds and enables these murderers . George Floyd did nothing to deserve this . This line is straight .
eye ’ ma shed tears every single time . hurts the same every time ... fly high George Floyd ! !
Me : ( logs back into Facebook for the first time since April 12 ) * Minneapolis police kill George Floyd * Me : okay well that ’ s enough social media for this month . ( Logs back out )
George Floyd death : Black US man dies after officer pins him down
That was round one . Now for an arrest and conviction . 4 Minneapolis police officers fired following death of George Floyd in police custody
That George Floyd video was just ...... this country needs a shock . That 's all I 'm going to say .
RIP George Floyd
4 Minneapolis Police Officers Fired Over George Floyd Death
To this rogue police officer , Mr. Floyd ’ s life is worth no more than a K9 .
HIS NAME WAS GEORGE FLOYD
“ IT HAS ALWAYS BEEN OPEN SEASON FOR BLACK AMERICAN CITIZENS ” ! “ MURDERING BLACKS IN AMERICA HAS ALWAYS BEEN LEGAL WHO REALLY CARES ” ? 4 Minnesota police officers fired after death of George Floyd , black man seen pinned down in video - ABC News via -
YOU PRE MEDITATED GEORGE FLOYD DEATH AND THAT 'S WHY YOU KILLED HIM LIKE AN ANIMAL . I STAND WITH GEORGE AND HIS FAMILY . MY HEAHU
I done got a damn headache after watching that video of their officers straight up murdering non-resisting citizen George Floyd . They had no grounds to kill that man . Those pigs better go to fxckin prison !
George Floyd . Say his name .
The fact that the Central Park dog situation is being covered/shown across mainstream media more the inhumane murders of George Floyd or Christopher Mitchell , just goes to show how not ready this nation is to really address the issue . Not enough people care . Breaks my heart tbh
Watching the video of George Floyd was seriously so heartbreaking . It can ’ t end with just the firing of the four police officers . They should be charged for murder .
People get fired every day B. That ’ s nowhere near justice for George Floyd .
Eric Garner , 43 , died on July 17 , 2014 , after NYPD officers placed him in a fatal chokehold during his arrest . Today another Blackman , George Floyd is kneechoke to death by two stupid white cops , officer Derek Chauvin and Tou Thao . Monsters in uniform USA in 21st century
his name is george floyd , SAY HIS NAME . i am sick of this . my heart .
GEORGE FLOYD . I 'm a bit desensitized when it comes to death .. but never immune to murder
Non-BTS related . I just heard the George Floyd news and it just breaks my heart that we lose lives just because there are people who abuse their power .
that video of George Floyd in his last moments has had me hot all day
George Floyd was murdered by the police . So far they ’ ve only been fired . People are supposed to go to jail after they commit murder . Not just lose their job .
I ’ m just so sad about the death of George Floyd . How could someone murder him like that ? ? when he ’ s saying he can ’ t breathe ? ? and just keeps his knee on him .. I am praying for his family . This didn ’ t need to happen
I do n't really know what to say about Amy Cooper , the killing of George Floyd , or the anti-maskers , except that all of it is linked . In all of it , white people have experienced discomfort and reacted like that discomfort is dangerous . ( 1/ )
I can ’ t watch the video of George Floyd losing his life . I know I will only become enraged & want to act out of character . I ’ m tired of kneeling . I ’ m tired of marching . I ’ m tired of seeing others do it . I ’ m tired of protesting in general . Something needs to change as of years ago
George Floyd . Know his name . Refuse to believe this is normal . Lord , have mercy .
4 Minnesota police officers fired after death of George Floyd , black man seen pinned down in video - ABC News via -
The most disturbing thing I have ever seen . The officer kept his knee on George Floyd 's neck for at least 8 min . After 4 min . he stopped saying `` I ca n't breathe '' and appeared unconscious . At 8 min . the knee was removed , and he was unconscious or dead .
George Floyd has a family . George Floyd 's family has social media . George Floyd 's family see viral post .
I ’ m so damn tired of hashtags . This must stop ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! I refuse to look the other way . Enraged and devastated . Justice for George Floyd .
I agree with the protests happening today in my hood . George Floyd is yet another victim of white supremacy and police brutality . Were there not a pandemic I ’ d be there with y ’ all . You don ’ t want my house ’ germs . Promise .
REST IN PEACE GEORGE FLOYD
I can ’ t bring myself to watch the video of George Floyd being MURDERED by a cop in broad daylight , with other cops watching , after pleading for his life .
Honestly ... if I seen a cop treating someone like they did to George Floyd , I 'd probably be going to jail . I spend that time in jail for that person 's life . Not even a question . This world just keeps taking unnecessary steps backwards . My heart hurts
His name is George Floyd . Minneapolis Police took his life & treated him like he was nothing while putting him on the stretcher . This was a crime , a murder & the crime can not be forgotten . Join the efforts of
RIP George Floyd I hope the bastards that did this rot in hell !
Between Amy Cooper this morning and brutal killing of George Floyd we are reliving Emmett Till 70+ years after the fact and nothing has changed . We should be ashamed .
KRSM radio is currently covering the protest for justice for George Floyd in Minneapolis .
Photo posted by George Floyd 's family 's lawyer shows four officers at the scene ( only two officers are clearly visible in the video ) . All four officers have now been fired .
George Floyd was murdered in broad daylight . The asshole cop that suffocated him to death deserves to be killed the same way
Hey if you dont speak out LOUD and proud for George Floyd , `` YOU AINT BLACK ! ''
George Floyd
Watching that George Floyd 's murder increased my anxiety . Christ ! ! ! They intentionally killed him , not a moment of hesitation , no sympathy , zero humanity . They were n't concerned even with the growing number of people around . Passersby begged them to check for pulse , but ....
George Floyd , your death won ’ t be in vain .
Watch how they bring up George Floyd ’ s Past ....
omg that george floyd video wtf
Personally , I ’ m not prepared to see another black man senselessly murdered , the screenshots are enough as is . George Floyd did not deserve this . Condolences to his Family , God be their comfort at this time . Lock up his murderers .
George Floyd protest via
George Floyd . One more name . Do n't share the video , folks . Do n't act shocked , either . This is the world we 've made and that we need to unmake . Just ... Look at reality , and decide to try to make it better , and grieve .
Stephen Jackson Speaks On Friend George Floyd Being Killed By Minnesota Police
Step 1 in police accountability for the extrajudicial killing of George Floyd - . Step 2 - indictment . Step 3 - Justice !
Full coverage of the death of George Floyd on 6pm , the shocking video , the police firings , interviews with those who knew Floyd as well as witnesses
I 've been a citizen & homeowner in Minneapolis for 40 years & I 've watched untold millions of our tax $ $ go towards settling police brutality lawsuits , but I do n't think I 've ever felt more ashamed to call Mpls my home than I do today . Just fucking sick about it . Floyd
WATCH LIVE : Protesters react to George Floyd death vía
i just talked to the bureau that ’ s handling the George Floyd case , and the lady who ked up told me that there ’ s an “ ongoing investigation ” going on with the im confused on what that is exactly ? there ’ s video evidence why aren ’ t they in prison doing 30 to life ?
I hear so many people ( none of them black ) say that racism doesn ’ t exist in America anymore . Tell that to George Floyd ’ s family . They will bury him because four police officers would listen as a man told them he…
Four Minneapolis officers involved in the arrest of George Floyd , the handcuffed black man who died in police custody , were fired Tuesday . A bystander ’ s video showed Floyd pleading that he could not breathe as a white officer knelt on his neck .
George Floyd
His name is George Floyd and he was killed on the scene by that police officer . Say it like it is .
`` The police union said this is not the time to rush to judgment . '' Àwọn aṣiwèrè | MPD Chief Arradondo : 4 Police Officers Fired Following Death Of George Floyd
George Floyd was murdered by the Minneapolis police . Straight up fucking murdered . Every time this happens the cops around them just let it happen . If there are good cops why do n't they stop this ? How many times do we have to watch POC be murdered before we stop it ?
The digital lynch mob has formed against Minneapolis PD and 4 officers have been fired before a proper investigation has been completed . Before we even have a determination of cause of death . George Floyd deserves an investigation , not a lynch mob .
RIP George Floyd
Watch broadcast : : Minneapolis Responds To Police Murder of George Floyd
This has to stop . How many times do we have to remind folks that . George Floyd said he couldn ’ t breathe , yet he was ignored . He should be alive .
If you ’ re still wondering why Colin Kaepernick took a knee , watch the George Floyd video .
Amy Cooper lost her job , dog and was banned from the park . The 4 Minnesota cops that `` murdered '' George Floyd were FIRED today , not paid leave . This is a start
New video sent to us shows the moment George Floyd was removed from his vehicle and handcuffed on 38th and Chicago . Video courtesy of Christopher Belfrey
4 Minn. police officers fired after they MURDERED George Floyd ( black man ) by choking him to death with their knee on his neck . THIS IS KAEPERNICK TOOK A KNEE ! . Would a white person in the same situation be treated like this ? NO ! - ABC News - via
4 Minneapolis Officers Fired after the k ! lling of George Floyd goes vira ... via
There is a spectrum of racism . And today we see , it starts with Amy Cooper and ends with George Floyd . It feels just like Eric Garner all over again . `` I CA N'T BREATHE ''
Four Minneapolis police officers were fired Tuesday following the death of George Floyd , a Black man who died after an officer kneeled on his neck while he was handcuffed on the ground , shouting that he couldn ’ t breathe . via
Amy Cooper = racist Cops who killed George Floyd = racist SMH
Rest in power George Floyd .
MPD Chief Arradondo : 4 Police Officers Fired Following Death Of George Floyd – WCCO | CBS Minnesota
See the way they killed Mr. Floyd like a fowl .. These people are heartless .. Say no to indiscriminate killing of black people
George Floyd deserves justice . The officers involved being fired isn ’ t enough . A man lost his life at their hands ! They need to be jailed ! When will it end ? whatever happened to “ protect and serve ” ?
I am heading to Cup foods to protest In a socially distant manner , the murder of George Floyd by Mpls police
Just sayin ... RIP George Floyd
The unbelievable part of the George Floyd video to me is not the officer killing him , thats become a normality sadly . It ’ s the fact that there ’ s STILL motherfuckers in the comments saying they wan na see the full video before apprehension/he shouldn ’ t resist . It ’ s infuriating tbh .
George Floyd Aka Eric Gardner Part 2 . Let 's see if they go to Jail . The Faces of Evil Aka Trump Supporters at their Finest
In other news . Disgusted in the REAL news of the day . RIP to George Floyd .
Four Minneapolis police officers fired after death of unarmed man George Floyd via
What happened to George Floyd is absolutely horrible . I don ’ t even have words to describe my emotions . This is no ok. To watch that video and see the utter disregard for his life is unbelievable .
George Floyd . Know his name . Do justice in his name . Poem excerpt from “ Counting Descent ” by
Firing IS NOT ENOUGH ! ! ! We need murder or manslaughter charges at the least and restitution , a couple million , naw how about a billion for his family .... 4 Minneapolis Police Officers Fired Over George Floyd Death
George Floyd
GEORGE FLOYD .
Four Minneapolis police officers fired after death of unarmed man George Floyd via
deeply praying for George Floyd ’ s family . May he gets the justice he deserves !
' I Ca n't Breathe ' : Man Killed In MPD Arrest Identified As George Floyd via
After George Floyd 's death , there a film the highlights the black men deadly encounters with police . WALKING WHILE BLACK : L.O.V.E . Is The Answer - Official Trailer via
Termination is not enough . George Floyd was pinned down and choked to death by a cop with his hands in his pockets as another cop watched . The right call would be filing charges , better yet , denormalizing police brutality .
Next Step : Charge them with murder . Four Minneapolis police officers fired after death of unarmed man George Floyd via
MN- POLICE OFFICERS FIRED-VO/SOT TUE0220-The Minneapolis police chief said four officers have been fired following the death of George Floyd.Floyd was arrested Sunday for an alleged forgery at a deli . Officers say he resisted arrest before one of the officers kneeled on his neck
George Floyd Lawyer Ben Crump Says the Killing Proves It 's 'Open Season on Black People ' via
I don ’ t care what kind of person George Floyd was , or what his resume looked like . I don ’ t care if he was guilty of literally any crime ever . I don ’ t care if he was resisting arrest . I don ’ t need to know anything about him that didn ’ t come from images I ’ ve seen online . 1/
George Floyd didn ’ t die . He was murdered . It was a modern day lynching . I can ’ t breathe . Say his name .
My heart literally can not handle the grief and anger I feel . I ’ m so grateful that Holy Spirit intercedes for me in these moments . If you don ’ t know what I ’ m talking about - look up George Floyd . Words fail me yet I know prayer still works . Join us !
do n't share that video of George Floyd being murdered by the cops . we do n't need a video to prove the anti-Black racism that runs rampant on this side of the world . understand that sharing these videos is morbid voyeurism . 1/5
It do n't matter whether you record them or not . It does not stop the killings . An `` Officer '' was literally protecting his coworker who had his knee on George Floyd 's neck , despite the pleas of passer bys and knowing they are being recorded .
George Floyd was handcuffed , COULDN ’ T resisted , then SAID he couldn ’ t breathe he should get justice , in a normal situation if he was accidentally killed the killer would be charged for manslaughter , why not here don ’ t forget his name
My heart goes out to George Floyd ’ s family ....... I can ’ t believe that officer ! Y is your knee needed if you handcuffed this man ? Y is your knee n his neck with pressure ? Let ’ s get back to the real reason of apprehending the suspect so k this Mann up out the street w/respect
: Minneapolis Responds To Police Murder of George Floyd
4 Minneapolis police officers fired following death of George Floyd in police custody | FOX 9 Minneapolis-St. Paul . Insupportable
Four Minneapolis police officers fired after death of unarmed man George Floyd - CBS News
RIP George Floyd . RIP American Justice .
4 Minnesota police officers fired after death of George Floyd , black man seen pinned down in video - ABC News - via
Four Minneapolis Police Officers Fired over George Floyd Death
George Floyd Died After Police Knelt on His Neck During Arrest | NowThis via This is cold blooded , deliberate murder
George Floyd is why .
F * * k 12 : Unarmed Black Man George Floyd Murdered By Minneapolis Police Officer While Cowardly Colleagues Watched , 4 Cops Fired ( mage via MARLIN LEVISON/Star Tribune via Getty Images )
I ’ ve just watched the George Floyd video and I don ’ t understand why that police officer isn ’ t being tried for murder . He knelt on George ’ s neck until he stopped breathing . Cold blooded murder and nothing else .
George Floyd was not a police force issue , he was murdered , on camera . That ’ s it . No think pieces necessary . You witnessed a murder .
When my heart is torn ( In memory of my fellow Houstonian George Floyd ) and screams with tears , it begs to feel this from
First that Amy woman falsely accusing bro of threatening her then George Floyd ... yea America can ead
What happened to George Floyd is sad smh I really just don ’ t get it .
Another black man , George Floyd dies at the hands of police officers in Minneapolis USA . Such shocking inhumanity and excessive force witnessed by onlookers whose concerns for his welfare and his pleas that he could not breathe ignored .
. - can you please use his name and get the headline right - `` Minneapolis Man , George Floyd Murdered by Minneapolis Police Officer . ''
// h e l p // Just seeing the SICKENING video of the senseless death of George Floyd . George Floyd ’ s pleas for help were not heard , but we have got to find an answer . This has to end ! ! ! Something has to…
Four Minneapolis police officers fired after death of unarmed man George Floyd via
I implore the and and to PROSECUTE Derek Chauvin the man responsible for the unjust death of GEORGE FLOYD . Do the right thing . Make right what was wrong .
Who wants to bet that there will be some dirt on George Floyd that comes out in the next few weeks ? Got ta justify the senseless murders , right ? He was probably a thug anyway , right ?
George Floyd 's murder is just awful The man was saying he ca n't breathe and they were still choking him out . Killed by the police meant to protect him
His name was George Floyd . Say his name . Demand Justice . I ’ m definitely tired of seeing videos of my people being killed
RIP George Floyd . May God find you home .
`` Kaepernick aka Fakernick trending for and bs kneeling , being nice . Kaepernick full of shit , he always quotes Malcolm X , you for damn sure telling all these African Americans to just take a fuckin knee and not take action . All those Black people watched Floyd get killed tho ''
White Minnesotans boast this whole `` Minnesota Nice '' culture but in just the three years I lived there the MPD and SPPD killed Jamar Clark , Philando Castile , Justine Damond , Thurman Blevins , and dozens more . Now George Floyd .
Outrage in Minneapolis After George Floyd Dies in Custody Following Brutal Police Arrest : ' I Can not Breathe ! '
4 Minneapolis Police Officers Fired Over George Floyd Death
Here ’ s what we ’ ve learned about George Floyd , a Minnesota man murdered by police officers while handcuffed . READ :
It 's painfully clear that what happened to George Floyd is what tried to weaponize and use to her advantage . He said , `` Leash your dog . '' She said , `` I can get you murdered . ''
The Minneapolis officer who used his knee to strangle to death George Floyd is DEREK CHAUVIN . As in CHAUVINIST , `` a person displaying exaggerated patriotism . Showing or relating to excessive or prejudiced loyalty or support for a particular group or cause . '' JUST FUCKING PERFECT .
dear people of faith- i sincerely ask for ceremony & ritual for Mr. George Floyd . please envision him surrounded in love & light & ancestors as he makes this transition ... genesis of which was SO incredibly violent . PRAY- this sears our consciousness into healing
George Floyd ’ s death is so remisncent of Eric Garners and all I can really think about is how frightening it must be for your last moments to be like that - pinned to the ground , begging someone who is supposed to protect you for mercy
George Floyd
The 4 MPD Officers involved in the arrest and death of floyd , should be prosecuted for murder . The termination of their job ain ’ t justice .
Wow even during a pandemic where safety should be prioritized , police are still murdering people in broad daylight . Those officers that killed George Floyd should be charged for murder
GEORGE FLOYD . REST IN HEAVEN .
Good but it doesn ’ t bring him back . They should now be arrested and charged with murder . George Floyd ’ s family deserve justice .
3 events happened this month -A lady killed her son and lied and said two black men did it -Central Park Karen evil ass -And now the police killing George Floyd Its a war going on rn it ’ s time to unite and fight back this shit is getting out of hand
George Floyd was murdered yesterday .
: Who Was Minnesota Man George Floyd ? [ Photos ]
Dear Stop using the imagery of black bodies dying in the street to report a story ! ! George Floyd deserves better !
fuck ass cops . hope they die a more painful death than George Floyd , who is not just “ black man ” like the media says .
is case in point why what did was so egregious . Floyd was being arrested for alleged forgery and ended up dead . Imagine what happens when the police show up thinking that Christian Cooper was threatening the life of a white woman .
six years ago it was Eric Garner six years later it was George Floyd in those six years nothing changed & nothing will change unless we actually do something about it . racism should never be tolerated and no one should lose their life due to someone else ’ s hate
Just saw the George Floyd video and I ’ m sick bro . I ’ m sick
George Floyd was murdered by two Minneapolis police officers , their names being Derek Chauvin and Tou Thao . follow me to get access to video
Seeing that poor excuse of an officer ’ s neck in the side of George Floyd ’ s neck is sickening .
This is absolutely horrific . RIP George Floyd .
Why was George Floyd arrested in the first place ?
Minneapolis protest for George Floyd .
George Floyd Lawyer Ben Crump Says the Killing Proves It 's 'Open Season on Black People ' via
Rip George Floyd
Just saw the George Floyd video . I had n't clicked it before , because I assumed it was the anniv . of Eric Garner & people were posting the article . But no , it 's just * another * time that a black man dies by police hands , crying `` I ca n't breathe '' while being arrested . Heartbreaking
George Floyd was murdered . The police officers who did it must be held accountable . Public officials across all levels of government must immediately implement policies that will stop institutional racism and the murdering of Black people .
Looks like murder to me . Mr. Floyd was murdered . Senselessly , by police officers who were supposed to be the good guys .
George Floyd case : 4 Minneapolis cops are fired after video shows one kneeling on neck of black man who later died - CNN
MPD Officers murdered an innocent man yesterday , for the crime of being a black man in America . His name was George Floyd . He deserved so much more in life than to die suffocating under the knee of a killer .
his name is george floyd . his life matters . his name matters . this is absolutely horrifying . acab .
The four Minneapolis police officers who killed George Floyd ca n't just gets fired . They need to go to prison not just lose their jobs .
George Floyd did n't deserve this . This could 've been prevented America . You should 've listened to the man . This death serves as a metaphor for the way America continues to put their knees on the neck of African Americans while simultaneously asking for help .
As you can see your gon na die you mightess well take one with you R.I.P George Floyd
my George Floyd portrait , coming along ..
Justice for George Floyd
This man is dead ! ! ! ! George Floyd is Dead ! ! ! ! This has got to stop . I don ’ t often make these types of posts , but this reality is just harsh and unsettling . I shouldn ’ t have to constantly worry about the safety of my…
I am sick to my stomach . George Floyd was murdered in broad daylight and if those police officers do not rot in prison then there is little humanity left in America
Four Minneapolis Cops Fired Over Brutal Killing of George Floyd as Outrage Mounts , Protests Begin - The Mind Unleashed via BrainSights for iOS
George Floyd was murdered by Minneapolis police . He stated multiple times that he couldn ’ t breathe yet the pig still kept his knee on George ’ s neck until he died . This is why black lives matter & I need y ’ all to start giving a shit .
George Floyd death : Black US man dies after officer pins him down
What we know about Derek Chauvin and Tou Thao , two of the officers caught on tape in the death of George Floyd
Stephen Jackson Speaks On Friend George Floyd Being Killed By Minnesota Police
5/26/20 5:20pm CST . My R shoulder is being remote tortured while I tweet about the George Floyd murder & crime in Minnesota . Official statement for my record .
i really hope George Floyd ’ s family gets justice . He should still be here .
GOD BLESS GEORGE FLOYD
The Minnesota police officer should be at a minimum charged with manslaughter for the preventable killing of George Floyd .
Awwww let me guess you want me to just praise dance and pray .... no I 'm hurt and angry over this senseless act of violence on George Floyd ... dont get this confuse passivity has it 's place .... praise dance is not the only thing David did ! ! ! signed fedUP
George Floyd
RIP George Floyd . I ’ m so upset and outraged . I just don ’ t understand it . How could someone do this ? This world is so cruel .....
SAY . HIS . NAME . George Floyd . George Floyd . Remember them all . This is MURDER . No justice , no peace .
4 Minneapolis Police Officers Fired Over George Floyd Death
I want you to click on the first ture and look at his knee ... look at George Floyd ’ s face ...
George Floyd could ’ ve been my dad , my uncle , my boyfriend , my brother ..
I hope the officer who murdered George Floyd rots in prison for the rest of his shitty life . Makes me sick man ...
4 Minneapolis police officers fired over George Floyd death : via
George Floyd Black Man dies during arrest by Minneapolis police says ' I ... via
Another day stopped in its tracks with another name to say . George Floyd . Image
RIP George Floyd
George Floyd
George Floyd should be alive . Police brutality must end .
`` It was déjà vu all over again '' : Eric Garner ’ s mother Gwen Carr speaks on the death of George Floyd , who was seen pleading `` I can not breathe '' as an officer put a knee on his neck for several minutes Monday night .
“ Fatal Encounter ? ! ? ! ” Here let me help you 4 racist police officers who killed George Floyd have been fired . There ... was that so hard ?
the George Floyd video man . Got damn it all . Electric chair .
George Floyd death : Black US man dies after officer pins him down
The officers who took place in “ arresting ” George Floyd shouldn ’ t have only been fired but arrested for murder , period .
When will enough be enough ? ? ? Black lives matter ! ! ! ! ! I ’ m so sorry to the friends and family of George Floyd , may he Rest In Peace
This is a still from a 9 minute 13 second video of George Floyd slowly losing his life as one cop took a knee on his throat with joy and the other watched on with a smug carefree demeanor . These men were…
Fuck Amy Cooper Fuck them cops for what they did to George Floyd Fuck America for making this the norm for black men and their families/peers to deal with
JUSTICE FOR GEORGE FLOYD – ANOTHER AFRICA AMERICAN WHOSE LIFE WAS TAKEN BY POLICE BRUTALITY
Watch broadcast : : Minneapolis Responds To Police Murder of George Floyd
George Floyd Black Man dies during arrest by Minneapolis police says ' I ... via
What happened to Floyd George was what Amy Cooper was hoping will happen to Christian Cooper .... shame on her ... unfortunately , there are several Amy Coopers out there . Hope we can video tape all of them one day ...
RIP GEORGE FLOYD
RIP George Floyd . Innocent until proven guilty . Executed for alleged forgery . As we know , such incidents are part of a systemic problem in law enforcement . Not all officers would commit such crimes , but there is the potential for them to happen in ANY police force nationwide./1
Damm RIP George Floyd
Bring on the George Floyd `` was no angel '' takes
In case you were wondering , this is why Kaepernick took a knee on the football field ! Firing them is not enough ! We want justice . They killed Mr. George Floyd ! ! …
All 4 of the police who murdered George Floyd were fired and the Mayors message was “ That was the right call ” ( I say push for conviction ) but this happened because of the pressure as a nation of just using our voice on our platform
George Floyd .
George Floyd
Should you find yourself in the position to be able to comfortably ignore the murder of George Floyd or the crimes of Amy Cooper weaponizing her whiteness then I hope you recognize your privilege and maybe feel more compelled to stop sitting in compliance
George Floyd is dead - the officers literally killed him in front of bystanders who thankfully filmed it all . He was handcuffed and on the ground . Yet domestic terrorists with assault rifles can storm government buildings and suffer no consequences . Clear racism
George Floyd .
A video showed George Floyd pleading that he could not breathe as a white officer knelt on his neck
Inspire means to `` breathe into . '' How can we inspire one another to breathe life into each & every person they interact with ? How can we offer others what George Floyd was not offered ? How can we breathe life , love , and care into the world ?
A Breonna Taylor . A George Floyd .
What we know about Derek Chauvin and Tou Thao , two of the officers caught on tape in the death of George Floyd
as long as innocent poc are murdered at the hands of the police , i will say ACAB and i will live by it . the law has yet to prove me otherwise . rest in power , george floyd . i am so sorry the system failed you .
`` GEORGE FLOYD PROTESTS - GLOOMTUBE HAPPENINGWATCH - 5/26/20 '' :
I ca n't even watch this video of George Floyd being murdered . It hurts my soul .
guys , i hate to be that person , but if you 're going to tweet tures , videos or descriptions of what happened to george floyd can you please put a tw ? it 's a massive trigger for me : (
JUSTICE FOR GEORGE FLOYD
Blasian man says : George Floyd Floyd 's Murder is a reminder that Black Oppression and Asian Plight do not compare via
i can ’ t watch that video of George Floyd being murdered .. that shit pisses me off .
RT ! GEORGE FLOYD ! Say His Name !
George Floyd ... I Cant Breather ... Minneapolis Police Dept ... Just Fired . Again and Again ... Lock theses terrorists up ! ! ! this is so infuriating . To take a mans life , just because of the color of his skin ... …
Justice for George Floyd
4 Minnesota police officers fired after death of George Floyd , black man seen pinned down in video
George Floyd said the exact same words that Eric Garner did they ’ re gon na keep doing the same shit they don ’ t care over susion of forgery
GEORGE FLOYD SHOULD NOT BE DEAD . GEORGE FLOYD SHOULD NOT BE DEAD . GEORGE FLOYD SHOULD NOT BE DEAD . GEORGE FLOYD SHOULD NOT BE DEAD . GEORGE FLOYD SHOULD NOT BE DEAD . GEORGE FLOYD SHOULD NOT BE DEAD .
Minneapolis cops involved in George Floyd 's death fired : mayor via
The video of George Floyd is heartbreaking .
I ’ m so relieved that I haven ’ t come across that video of George Floyd . I ’ m tired of seeing Black men being murdered yo
: Minneapolis Responds To Police Murder of George Floyd
Very large protest happening right now in downtown Minneapolis in the wake of the death of George Floyd - who died after a police officer kneeled on his neck during an arrest
Why has no one been arrested when there is clear video of what happened to George Floyd ? The establishment and their servants get with murder , even when it 's caught on camera . Sick .
Finally just watched that George Floyd video and i knew i shouldn ’ t have ... definitely shed a tear
criminal if they allow him to get away with murder . the way he restricted the neck is NOT normal . ESPECIALLY WHEN 2 OTHER POLICE ALREADY HAD HIM RESTRAINED . this man just wanted to show off his white superiority complex & murdered George Floyd in the process . so hard to watch .





