9th June , it 's time to stand up .
The largest attorneys protest in recent Hong Kong history . HKFP Lens : Hong Kong 's legal sector silently march over extradition bill in 'biggest demo yet ' by lawyers via
Dominic Chan , the parish priest of Catholic Cathedral of has strong ties & close relationships w/ Catholic govt officials like Carrie Lam , Donald Tsang & John Tsang . Now he ’ s leading demonstration w/ parishioners to against Fugitives Ordinance .
Shakespeare riots~ @ The St. Regis Hong Kong
Wow . This is BIG . A judge in openly opposes govt 's planned law to surrender fugitives back to
Construction and Arbitration Lawyer - Hong Kong - Douglas Scott Legal Recruitment Limited
International greed created , whos after dissidents with an Extradition Amendment to law , made possible by the which abandoned HK in 1997 without legal protection . No or so check online where to march w us .
Legal Experts Slam Unfounded Claims On Petrol Bomb Attacks | Hong Kong | China Daily
Current extradition law provides firewall to protect Hong Kong ’ s legal system
Via . `` Singer , Mother , Bishop , Child ... All become fugitives under new Extradition Laws & will be sent to China , then 'disappeared ' . '' This concisely explains how atrocious the new laws in Hong Kong could be , if passed .
Legal Trojan horse : Hong Kong ’ s new extradition arrangement puts foreigners at risk
Hong Kong is pushing for sweeping legal changes that would for the first time allow fugitives captured in Hong Kong to be sent to mainland China for trial .
Hong Kong pushes ahead with controversial extradition bill Hong Kong is pushing for sweeping legal changes that would for the first time allow fugitives captured in Hong Kong to be sent to mainland China for trial . The proposal ... via
Hong Kong lawyers hold silent march against controversial extradition bill Thousands of Hong Kong legal professionals took part in a silent
This year 's Education Beyond Borders course will examine balance in Hong Kong ! Don ’ t miss your opportunity to expand your legal perspective beyond the borders of the U.S . Learn more and apply today :
Representatives from online media in Hong Kong told MNA how important the official recognition of publications only published online has been for journalism in the city , while local media urges authorities to add solely online media to the legal ...
Thousands of legal professionals took part in a silent protest march against a controversial extradition bill
Same-sex couple entitled to spousal benefits , Hong Kong court rules
HKFP Lens : Hong Kong 's legal sector silently march over extradition bill in 'biggest demo yet ' by lawyers
HKFP Lens : Hong Kong 's legal sector silently march over extradition bill in 'biggest demo yet ' by lawyers
Thousands of legal professionals took part in a silent protest march against a controversial extradition bill
`` It is completely unreasonable that they are demolishing the [ legal ] firewall [ between and mainland ] with no justification , and against the interests of the Hong Kong people ... This amendment will destroy the `` HK lawyers
Open position : Junior Funds Role - US Law Firm - Hong Kong - Jameson Legal - Hong Kong , Asia - - Via
Legal Groups Lend Support To Extradition Bill | Hong Kong | China Daily
maintains deep links with the world - jurists from other common law jurisdictions have been recruited by the HK Judiciary , further underpinning the city ’ s fair , transparent and respected system
same tactics that CCP used during the 60s Hong Kong riots , disguised CCP agents just trying to provoke unrest , then blaming the British Imperialism , this time they will blame the people protesting against the extradition law
No one will be safe should the government pass proposed changes to extradition laws which will give the government a legal tool to take people in Hong Kong into custody .
Thousands of Hong Kong legal professionals took part in a silent protest march against a controversial extradition bill . Do we expect some reaction from the keepers of Law against misuse of the EVMs ?
Hong Kong Airlines is asserting itself by seeking US $ 12 million of damages from a shareholder and legal permission to restructure . Since the last court hearing , airline management has been bolstered while a warring faction has struggled to organise .
Thousands of legal professionals took part in a silent protest march against a controversial extradition bill
Today in Hong Kong the Lawyers and legal profession are marching because in three weeks , mainland China will be able to extradite people , including visitors , from Hong Kong to mainland How worried do you imagine Hong residents are right now . Yep , very very very
Critics say the changes would erode the `` one country , two systems '' approach under which Hong Kong 's legal system is separate from mainland China 's .
HKFP Lens : Hong Kong 's legal sector silently march over extradition bill in 'biggest demo yet ' by lawyers via
HKFP_Lens : Hong Kong 's legal sector silently march over extradition bill in 'biggest demo yet ' by lawyers
Hong Kong ’ s top court ruled in favor of a gay civil servant fighting for spousal and tax benefits for his husband in the latest legal victory over equal rights for same-sex couples .
Hong Kong ’ s top court ruled in favour of a gay civil servant fighting for spousal and tax benefits for his husband in the latest legal victory over equal rights for same-sex couples .
The Australian legal profession should consider emulating their Hong Kong counterparts and organise lawyers ’ silent marches in protest against outrageous threats to freedoms ( in Australia ’ s case , the AFP raids against media outlets ) .
The ruling comes amid a separate legal challenge to Hong Kong 's same-sex marriage ban . via
Photo of the Day in
Hong Kong court rules same-sex couple entitled to spousal benefits - JURIST - News - Legal News & Commentary
Photo of the Day in
Open position : Arbitration Mid-Senior Lawyer - Int . Firm - Hong Kong - 5+ PQE - Jameson Legal - Hong Kong , Asia -
At the silent protest today against the proposed extradition bill , the lawyers did not bow their heads . Civic Party lawmaker Dennis Kwok explained : `` The legal sector will not bow to the government . ''
Open position : Derivatives - 3-5PQE - International Firm - Hong Kong - Jameson Legal - Hong Kong , Asia -
`` People have known exactly why there shouldn ’ t be an extradition agreement with China for years '' ... `` Patten said the proposal will remove the “ firewall ” between Hong Kong ’ s rule of law and the Chinese legal system , which lacks independent courts . ''
Hong Kong ’ s legal sector standing up to protect their city .
Another legal victory for LGBT+ people in Hong Kong
Love wins for Scott & Angus after a 5-year legal battle against the Hong Kong Gov ’ t . The 1930 ’ s colonial definition of marriage is no excuse for the Gov ’ t to be a discriminative employer and tax collector in 2019 .
Thousands of Hong Kong lawyers launched `` silent march '' today to oppose the controversial extradition bill . It 's the 5th protest by the legal sector since the handover in 1997. :
3000+ HK lawyers march against `` polarising '' extradition bill , in biggest legal protest since '97
`` distances itself from row '' via
Thousands of lawyers joined the silent march against the extradition law this evening . This is the largest silent march by the legal sector since the handover .
What lessons should Hong Kong draw from Taiwan 's so-called Sunflower Movement ? ... Taiwan will be ruled like Hong Kong , they want nothing whatsoever to do with it . ..... Chan 's legal assistant and they dressed me like a slut – miniskirt , high heels . ... Kwok 's Cable TV show , Food
Leaders from the all across Hong Kong are signing agreement to let pigeons massacre become legal
The legal profession stands up for Hong Kong .
Dark clouds loom over Hong Kong ’ s legal profession
Hong Kong 's legal sector is staging a rare protest against the city 's looming extradition bill . Clad in black , they are marching in silence from the city 's top court to government headquarters .
Members of the legal community in Hong Kong marching in silence to protest proposed changes to extradition laws - which would mean HK nationals and foreigners in HK could be extradited to face trial if suspected of an offence in the mainland .
HKFP_Live : Hong Kong 's legal sector is staging a rare protest against the city 's looming extradition bill . Clad in black , they are marching in silence from the city 's top court to government headquarters .
Here ’ s the view from the Court of Final Appeal building as Hong Kong ’ s legal community plans to march silently to Central Government Offices to protest the proposed extradition amendment
In a nutshell , one of the most facile comments from the Hong Kong legal system , rebutted by the and another branch of the legal system . Yay ! The system ... works ?
4 PQE Corporate Lawyer | International UK Firm | IPO + M & A : Eximius Hong Kong Limited - Hong Kong - Eximius was founded in 2008 to supply expert talent to the financial services , corporate services and legal… > > For More Jobs – Please Go2 Our Page !
It should also be noted that our esteemed colleagues at intervened in all instances with valuable perspectives from int ' l law . It is good that the courts & the gov't allowed additional civil society arguments , as this enriches the legal process in .
’ s community marked a significant legal victory today after the city ’ s highest court ruled to grant spousal benefits and the right to file joint tax returns to a same-sex couple who were married in New Zealand .
Amita Haylock was invited to co-lead a roundtable on ‘ Impact of and on at the Compliance & Legal Conference 2019 held on 29-30 May 2019 in Hong Kong . The event attracted approximately 300 delegates from the industry .
Current extradition law provides firewall to protect Hong Kong ’ s legal system 來自
High Court has rejected Govt ’ s request to take the appeal against Avery Ng sandwich case to ’ s top court . Judge Joseph Yau , who earlier overturned Ng ’ s conviction , disagrees with DoJ that the case involves extensive & major legal importance
The Hong Kong Law Society ’ s submission on the Fugitive Offenders and Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters Legislation ( Amendment ) Bill 2019 :
It ’ s legal , but is it right ? Hong Kong ’ s ‘ can-do ’ spirit has been twisted
Our CEO Kiwi Camara and General Counsel Kent Radford felt right at home at in Hong Kong this week . Kiwi spoke on improving legal outcomes with technology ( like ours ! ) . csdisco
csdisco Our CEO Kiwi Camara and General Counsel Kent Radford felt right at home at in Hong Kong this week . Kiwi spoke on improving legal outcomes with technology ( like ours ! ) . — DISCO ( cs…
Our CEO Kiwi Camara and General Counsel Kent Radford felt right at home at in Hong Kong this week . Kiwi spoke on improving legal outcomes with technology ( like ours ! ) .
Our CEO Kiwi Camara and General Counsel Kent Radford felt right at home at in Hong Kong this week . Kiwi spoke on improving legal outcomes with technology ( like ours ! ) .
Hong Kong needs to participate in the development of the in order to develop legal industry in the megalopolis . Read Edward Liu 's ( counsel and legal director of Hill Dickinson ) expert commentary on the issue here :
Associate-level Graduate/2nd Jobber for International Legal Headhunting Firm-London , Paris , Hong Kong , Sydney , Midd
Opinion : There is no 'loophole ' in Hong Kong 's current extradition law . Rather , it provides a necessary firewall to protect the legal system
Fugitives granted asylum in Germany say they faced ‘ unfair trial ’ and call on international community to oppose city ’ s Hong Kong extradition bill
Fugitives granted asylum in Germany say they faced ‘ unfair trial ’ and call on international community to oppose city ’ s Hong Kong extradition bill
Excellent piece by PIP fellow that focuses on Taiwan now but uses its past and contrasts w/Hong Kong & the Chinese mainland to put varied legal issues into perspective ( with a fun bounce house analogy thrown in for good measure )
leader Carrie Lam set to meet consulate generals & chamber members at the Govt HQ over the controversial bill , sources tell RTHK . Unclear at this stage who exactly will attend , but meeting is scheduled to start at 3pm behind closed doors
: community to stage silent to Central Government Offices ( ) on June 6 against ; maintain vigilance
Honestly , 2014 was a changing year for me . This was mostly due to the Ferguson Riots and Hong Kong Umbrella Protests . I became engrossed into those events . It led me down a path in seeking to learn more about why this occurs . I started to become political .
[ NEWS ] Hong Kong fugitives granted asylum in Germany say they faced an ‘ unfair trial ’ and call on the international community to oppose city ’ s extradition bill
Mass protests set to bring attention to controversial Hong Kong plan to extradite fugitives .. primarily back to China .... where they could face serious risk under this countries totalitarianism ..
The death of Hong Kong as we know it will be if it allows extradition to the mainland Chinese legal system that `` disappears '' and sentences people for political offenses without even a pretense of a fair trial .
Hong Kong holds mass vigil on 30th anniversary of Tian'anmen massacre . Will this be the last year it is legal ?
1000s of secondary school students are expected to boost numbers at a large rally being planned to block sweeping legal changes that would allow fugitives captured in the city to be sent mainland for trial .
Alan Li : With revision of Fugitives Ordinance , no longer be protective to foreign NGOs
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam ‘ will not simply follow orders from Beijing ’ on extradition requests and can refuse transfer of fugitives accused of crimes against defence or foreign affairs – Yahoo News
Established in 1994 , and home to more than 225 lawyers and staff , Sidley ’ s office offers a comprehensive range of legal services to clients in all sectors of commerce and industry . Thank you to all who helped make the last 25 years a success !
« A frenetic symphony of dirty cops , prison riots , and black-market organ transplants , providing an increasingly rare jolt of pure Hong Kong action cinema , w/ a ballsiness that recalls Brian De Palma in his prime » SPL II aka Kill Zone II ( Soi Cheang , 2015 )
braces for big crowds and high emotions as June 4 vigil for crackdown coincides with anger over fugitives extradition proposal to mainland
Important thread on Hong Kong 's proposed extradition bill by -- Senior Legal Advisor in our East Asia Regional Office
Medium-long thread following with some thoughts on the int ' l law framework the authorities should observe here , rather than peddling half- and untruths . Mainland can reopen old cases and ask for fugitives , security chief admits via
Former Foreign Secretary says Current extradition law provides firewall to protect Hong Kong ’ s legal system
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam ‘ will not simply follow orders from Beijing ’ on extradition requests and can refuse transfer of fugitives accused of crimes against defence or foreign affairs
[ NEWS ] Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam ‘ will not simply follow orders from Beijing ’ on extradition requests and can refuse transfer of fugitives accused of crimes against defence or foreign affairs
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam ‘ will not simply follow orders from Beijing ’ on extradition requests and can refuse transfer of fugitives accused of crimes against defence or foreign affairs
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam ‘ will not simply follow orders from Beijing ’ on extradition requests and can refuse transfer of fugitives accused of crimes against defence or foreign affairs
. Financial Magazine ran a feature on 's legal industry , in which partner Thomas So shared his perspective on the evolution of the profession and its role in greater China . …
Opinion : There is no ‘ loophole ’ in Hong Kong ’ s current extradition law . Rather , it provides a necessary firewall to protect the legal system
Opinion : Hong Kong ’ s current extradition law provides firewall to protect legal system
Hong Kong - Overview of the legal system . via
Senior associate Caitrin McKiernan co-led a roundtable entitled “ The Impact of and Instant Messaging on Capital Markets ” at the ASIFMA Compliance and Conference in Hong Kong last week . Learn more about Caitrin here :
HSBC is the first to offer a dementia friendly banking service in Hong Kong . The bank has introduced a new type of bank account specifically aimed at customers living with , with limited features and additional control by a legal designee .
3 senior judges and 12 leading commercial and criminal lawyers say the proposed extradition bill marks “ one of the starkest challenges to Hong Kong ’ s legal system and are increasingly troubling its business , political and diplomatic communities ”
If you are a white man with a Western passport like my abusive ex , you can enjoy these privileges in Hong Kong : 1 . Living in Hong Kong for years on a 3-month tourist visa 2 . Working & earning money illegally without work permit 3 . Using legal aid to sue for child custody ( & won )
Hong Kong trials for offences in mainland China will not work , top legal scholar Albert Chen says
Hong Kong trials for offences in mainland China will not work , top legal scholar Albert Chen says
Hong Kong trials for offences in mainland China will not work , top legal scholar Albert Chen says
[ NEWS ] Hong Kong trials for offences in mainland China will not work , top legal scholar Albert Chen says
Rape suspect who called himself the ‘ chubby cupid ’ online pretended to be policeman and boasted about his legal knowledge to victims , Hong Kong court hears
Rape suspect who called himself the ‘ chubby cupid ’ online pretended to be policeman and boasted about his legal knowledge to victims , court hears
Rape suspect who called himself the ‘ chubby cupid ’ online pretended to be policeman and boasted about his legal knowledge to victims , Hong Kong court hears
[ NEWS ] Rape suspect who called himself the ‘ chubby cupid ’ online pretended to be policeman and boasted about his legal knowledge to victims , Hong Kong court hears
A Hong Kong Pavilion organised by the HKTDC will showcase the city ’ s household , clothing , healthcare and electronic products as well as professional services in the areas of legal , IPO financing and insurance .
Just to remind you that we help people and businesses with a range of personal , private wealth & business legal matters in China and Hong Kong . Our lawyers provide clear , straightforward advice .
Lawyer ? 3+ years PQE ? A top tier background ? Looking for an alternative career path ? Hong Kong based ? Legal consulting with Peerpoint could be for you . To find out more or to register for our event :
️ Time for another selection from this week ! ️ The Central Bank of Malawi says is not legal tender ️ Hong Kong is concerned about the lack of blockchain regulation ️ Australia publishes new guidelines
Hong Kong , as an international city , has it 's own legal system . HongKongers are still protected by our system . When the Amendment passes ... The last hope of resistance against China tyranny dies .
It 's been another busy week for the team ! After presenting our solution at the & conference in , we pitched at the Summit in ! To discover where to see us next , sign up for our newsletter :
Australians , beware ! Under the Extradition Law Amendment of Hong Kong , Chinese government can order Hong Kong to arrest ANYONE in there and transfer to China , where are having one of the most opaque legal systems in the world !
Official HCEC 's 21stC NR & Declaration 12 Legal Nations , Regions subject to LicRoles Ts & Cs Directive Hong Kong LicRole is mandated to hold within two weeks New upon this final notice , delaying in reason is subject to Ts & Cs
With much interest in HNA ’ s Hong Kong Airlines over its corporate governance legal battle and it ’ s very shaky finances , it ’ s chairman Hou Wei comes to the . He can ’ t talk to the press ... because he really has lost his voice .
Victory for community as High Court abolishes four offences that criminalise sex between men . Hong Kong ’ s LGBT community has earned a long-awaited legal victory , with a court abolishing or revising seven offences that criminalised gay sex .
Official HCEC 's 21stC NR & Declaration 12 Legal Nations , Regions subject to LicRoles Ts & Cs Directive Hong Kong LicRole is mandated to hold within two weeks New upon this final notice , delaying in reason is subject to Ts & Cs
Associate-level Graduate/2nd Jobber for International Legal Headhunting Firm-London , Paris , Hong Kong , Sydney , Midd
HONG KONG : IFJ calls for the immediate withdrawal of fugitives transfer bill
EN Our Lawyer José Filipe Salreta was one of the speakers at the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area Legal Service Cooperation Forum
Legal EC members seek a meeting with government , to be `` enlightened '' on what the Secretary for Security calls a `` misunderstanding '' by the legal sector of the Fugitive Offenders Ordinance
’ s legal community , unsatisfied by the city gov't ’ s proposed revisions to an bill allowing criminal suspects to be sent mainland , is making plans for a march to protest the measure .
Some strong words from 's Mainland Affairs Council on 's legal system , as it criticises 's latest tweaks to its fugitive law proposed changes
is dumping its plastic trash all over South East Asia . How can such thing be legal ?
The world 's first 'wellbeing ' budget is unveiled in New Zealand and Hong Kong 's LGBT community earns a long-awaited legal victory . Here 's a snapshot of some of the news stories you may have missed this week :
Regulators and legal practitioners gathered in for the 2019 Antitrust in Asia forum . The challenges presented by the digital economy were very much to the forefront of discussion . Read the complete publication of the forum here :
Closest gets to gossiping , but Hong Kong 's Melco buys 20 % of Oz 's for AUS $ 1.76b , following an aborted deal w/ Wynn ( due to leaked reports ? ) & media on Crown 's main owner James Packer 's mental health , legal battle w/ sister & breakup w/ Mariah Carey .
lawmaker Horace Cheung : somebody used my name to sign an online petition from my alma mater opposing law . I reserve the right to take legal action if the petition organiser don ’ t remove my name , & many people have complained of similar problems as mine
Legal Profession Silent March on 6th June . This is to protest against the Government 's Extradition ( Amendment ) Bill which has been tabled in LegCo on 12th June for resumption of second reading . The current and former Chairs of the Hong Kong Bar Council
Despite Concessions Made in Hong Kong Extradition Bill , City ’ s Legal Sector Prepares for Protest March
Legal Expert Calls For Rational Discussions On Extradition Bill | Hong Kong | China Daily
Opinion : Why did Germany grant asylum to riot fugitives ? Ask Carrie Lam
German consulate distances itself from Hong Kong fugitives row
It is the latest legal victory for Hong Kong 's gay community who have struggled to persuade the pro-Beijing authorities in the international financial hub to allow gay marriage or civil unions .
Hola ! It was a great pleasure to take a part in ASIFMA - Compliance & Legal Conference 29-30/5 , and to present to Hong Kong and the world a glance to a new era of compliant B2C communication ! Thank you , , # …
Hola ! It was a great pleasure to take a part in ASIFMA - Compliance & Legal Conference 29-30/5 , and to present to Hong Kong and the world a glance to a new era of compliant B2C communication ! Thank you , ,
remember ... in corrupt , extradition is a political matter and not a legal matter that concerns judges . So even the Chief Justice tells his team to sit down , shut up , and be a subservient `` independent '' judiciary
A day after fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau ( eluding 5 years in jail in Macau ) drops his legal challenge to extradition , pro-CCP legislators ask that min jail time requirement be raised above 6 years .
Almost 8 years ago I said that had 1 law . Be loyal to Chairman Xi and all is legal or else face lawfare . and so is Chairman Xi
Leaders from the all across Hong Kong are signing agreement to let pigeons massacre become legal
Searching for and legal advisor ? Contact us at the Hong Kong branch for a free consultation on your problems and discuss what you need legally to secure yourself .
Hong Kong extradition bill : lawyers announce rare silent protest as city ’ s leader Carrie Lam survives no confidence vote City ’ s legal profession to protest legislation they say puts judiciary in difficult position
The Asian Legal Business ( Rankings 2019 have just been released and our IP practice has retained their top-tier across all categories in Hong Kong and China . Learn more :
In , a renewed wave of activism as people organize -- in school groups , in legal circle , in civil society -- against extradition amendments :
Opinion : Why did Germany grant asylum to Hong Kong fugitives ? Ask Carrie Lam
woman in High Court fight for same-sex civil partnerships . Her lawyer urges the judge to look only at the constitutional and legal points raised , and not social or moral issues
Fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau withdraws legal challenge against Hong Kong ’ s controversial extradition bill - Yahoo News : Fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau withdraws legal challenge against Hong Kong ’ s controversial extradition bill Yahoo News A fugitive tycoon…
‘ The judges and lawyers say that under Hong Kong 's British-based common law system , extraditions are based on the presumption of a fair trial and humane punishment in the receiving country – a core trust they say China 's Communist Party-controlled legal system has not earned . ’
Sweeping legal changes are being pushed that would allow fugitives captured in to be sent to mainland for trial . “ We are deeply disturbed , ” said 3 judges —who by convention don ’ t comment on political or legislative matters .
New York Gazette Huawei challenges U.S. defense bill as sanctions fight ramps up : - HONG KONG ( Reuters ) - China ’ s Huawei Technologies Co Ltd has filed a legal motion seeking to declare a U.S. defense law unconstitutional , in…
Hong Kong fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau withdraws legal challenge to extradition bill , expressing 'love ' for country
Fugitive tycoon withdraws legal challenge against extradition bill via
Students and teachers are also openly against Hong Kong government 's proposed extradition law , joining legislators , legal sector , and even the usually pro-govt business community . Who in HK is actually for this law , other than the HK govt and the CCP ?
Glad to participate at the Hong Kong Business Legal Summit focusing on Asia-Africa Opportunities organized by the Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre , HKIAC . Here with Sarah Grimmer , Prof Won Kidane and Jingyi Blank At a session last Thursday
Botox doctor Franklin Li facing legal action from family of late Hong Kong banker Zoe Cheung , who died after injections at clinic in Tsim Sha Tsui
Botox doctor Franklin Li facing legal action from family of late Hong Kong banker Zoe Cheung , who died after injections at clinic in Tsim Sha Tsui
[ NEWS ] Botox doctor Franklin Li facing legal action from family of late Hong Kong banker Zoe Cheung , who died after injections at clinic in Tsim Sha Tsui
Botox doctor Franklin Li facing legal action from family of late Hong Kong banker Zoe Cheung , who died after injections at clinic in Tsim Sha Tsui
The judiciary ’ s response to ‘ report on law . Which , leads me to think , the anonymous judges must know it ’ s a rule of thumb that they shouldn ’ t be commenting on controversies , but did it anyway because of the significance of the matter ?
Hmmmmmmm Hong Kong fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau withdraws legal challenge to extradition bill , expressing 'love ' for country via
Our researchers are currently looking for standout in-house legal teams to include in the GC Powerlist : Hong Kong Teams 2019 . If you know of any teams that proactively drive the business forward , we want to hear from you ! Submit your nomination here :
In first , Hong Kong judges call proposed extradition changes a stark challenge to its legal system
Fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau withdraws legal challenge against Hong Kong ’ s controversial extradition bill
In first , Hong Kong judges call proposed extradition changes a stark challenge to its legal system
In first , Hong Kong judges call proposed extradition changes a stark challenge to its legal system
In first , Hong Kong judges call proposed extradition changes a stark challenge to its legal system
Hong Kong judges see risks in proposed extradition changes : under Hong Kong 's legal system , extraditions are based on presumption of a fair trial & humane punishment in the receiving country – a core trust China 's CP-controlled legal system has not earned .
CE tells that 's legal system is a great strength and advantage for development ; highly regarded for rule of law and judicial independence
Hong Kong tycoon ( and fugitive from Macau justice ) who launched legal challenge to controversial extradition bill has withdrawn it , saying he `` loves his country '' and wants `` stability '' and `` harmony '' . That begs the question : was he pressured to do so ?
Fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau withdraws legal challenge against Hong Kong ’ s controversial extradition bill
Hong Kong fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau withdraws legal challenge against controversial extradition bill
HK judges see risks in proposed extradition changes How many Hong Kong judges are foreigners ? Is what the US have been doing against independent private companies and countries legal ? Just because it declares its own justifications ?
Hong Kong 's judges cast doubt on supposed safeguards for legal changes that could allow extradition to China : important piece from * * This quote * * -- - > `` assertion that the judges will be gatekeepers is misleading ”
Fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau withdraws legal challenge against Hong Kong ’ s controversial extradition bill
Reuters Exclusive by Top judges expressed deep anxiety over proposed extradition law changes that would allow fugitives captured in HK to be extradited to mainland for trial
[ NEWS ] Hong Kong fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau withdraws legal challenge against controversial extradition bill
Hong Kong fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau withdraws legal challenge against controversial extradition bill – Hong Kong Free Press
Hong Kong fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau withdraws legal challenge against controversial extradition bill
Fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau withdraws legal challenge against Hong Kong ’ s controversial extradition bill
Fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau withdraws legal challenge against Hong Kong ’ s controversial extradition bill
Fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau withdraws legal challenge against Hong Kong ’ s controversial extradition bill
Three senior judges and 12 leading commercial and criminal lawyers say the changes , called the Fugitive Offenders Ordinance amendment bill , mark one of the starkest challenges to Hong Kong 's legal system .
[ NEWS ] Fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau withdraws legal challenge against Hong Kong ’ s controversial extradition bill
fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau drops judicial review case against controversial bill
How on earth can we trust its legal system while arbitrary arrests and detention happen every day in ?
Follow us over the next two days at the and conference to learn more . will be covering for
Currently , about 14 % of ’ s employees are foreign nationals . They are needed in the city as skills shortages persist , especially in the business services , digital , and areas but also in the , sales , and marketing sectors .
[ Screening ] Join Director Wu Hoi Fai 胡海輝 on May 31 for a screening of this original theater production on the 1967 riots of Hong Kong
was briefed by Hong Kong and Macao Consul General with staff from and local experts on political , legal and diplomatic issues
VIDEO : A Hong Kong pro-Beijing party protests against Germany for granting asylum to two fugitives involved in a violent 2016 political protest
Leaders from the all across Hong Kong are signing agreement to let pigeons massacre become legal
Great turnout at the first InnoTech Law Hub Community Roundtable . Insightful sharing of successes , lessons and war stories by law firm partners , tech specialists and KM lawyers . Let ’ s improve the state of innovation for the Hong Kong legal profession ! …
Our Asian patent information team conducts legal status searches for documents from China , Chinese Taipei , Korea , Japan & Hong Kong .
Our Asian patent information team conducts legal status searches for documents from China , Chinese Taipei , Korea , Japan & Hong Kong .
School students urge withdrawal of fugitives bill
German consulate distances itself from asylum row over Hong Kong fugitives Ray Wong and Alan Li , pledging ties with city will not change
German consulate distances itself from Hong Kong fugitives asylum row
Dozens of universities & schools have alumni initiating online signature campaign opposing the law changes proposed by the government
She is not Chinese from PRC . She is from Hong Kong Greater Bay Area . Dirty Trick to win the election . Now facing legal challenges
German consulate distances itself from Hong Kong fugitives asylum row , pledging ties with city will not change 来自
[ NEWS ] German consulate distances itself from asylum row over Hong Kong fugitives Ray Wong and Alan Li , pledging ties with city will not change
In our latest legal update , Litigation and Arbitration partner Bill Amos discusses the `` Brightoil Glory '' case in which Mayer Brown represented the secured creditors before the Hong Kong Court of Appeal .
This Hong Kong-listed industrial group is seeking a biz-minded Legal Counsel to support its global expansion .
High Court is hearing a legal challenge from a woman , MK , fighting for the right to same sex civil partnership . Her lawyer is saying that while this issue may be divisive and may have much social implications , she urged the judge to take this as legal question only
Hong Kong Legal Market 2019 Compensation Survey - Our most comprehensive ever -
Law Society of Hong Kong 's InnoTech Law Hub is kicking off its Community Roundtable on Tues 28 May . We 'll be discussing what would the Hong Kong legal innovation agenda look like with practitioners , including tos covered here :
Attending the Compliance & Legal conference in on Wednesday ? Don ’ t miss the opportunity to see our technology in action on the Legal Stream stage , at 12.50 pm . Discover more :
Ppl can I hv ur attention ? Hong Kong government has proposed an amendment on extradition bill on April , adding China as one of the applicable countries in handing over fugitives with HK Gov . China can propose application to HK Gov .
10 Must Have Resources for a Hong Kong Legal Dependant Visa via
10 Must Have Resources for a Hong Kong Legal Dependant Visa
: Jacob Hook , Oliver Wyman 's Managing Partner , Asia Pacific will join the discussion on Trends Shaping Banking and Financial Services at Compliance and Legal Conference 2019 , held in Hong Kong on 29-30 May .
Instigator of Hong Kong Mong Kok riots , fled HK when court asked them to face judicial consequences and take responsibility , now advocating “ rule of law ” ? Ask them to respect the law first man .
There are so many things to say about this Hong Kong trip but lem me quickly note that the public transit here fucking rules and I maintain that if New Yorkers who rely on buses/trains got to experience the speed and ease of public transit in other countries there would be riots .
Mong Kok riot fugitives offered asylum in Germany a ‘ damaging blow ’ to Hong Kong ’ s reputation and likely to anger Beijing , analysts say | South China Morning Post
Employment Counsel ( 4-8 PQE ) Paris - 15061PR/TTL - France ( FR ) - Hughes-Castell ( Hong Kong ) Ltd
Beijing urges Germany to respect Hong Kong ’ s rule of law in asylum dispute over Mong Kok riot fugitives Ray Wong and Alan Li - quite right to object to Germany . These thugs should have been jailed in Hong Kong not given asylum in Germany .
Beijing urges Germany to respect Hong Kong ’ s rule of law in asylum dispute over Ray Wong and Adam Li , two fugitives from the Mong Kok riot
Extradition “ law ” is nail in ’ s coffin , foreseeable since Sino-British Accord , ever more obvious since 1997 esp . since Xi came to power in 2012 . UK let HK go down same way it enabled Hitler to swallow Czechoslovakia only worse-UK has legal obligation to protect HK status
Beijing urges Germany to respect Hong Kong ’ s rule of law in asylum dispute over Mong Kok riot fugitives Ray Wong and Alan Li
[ NEWS ] Beijing urges Germany to respect Hong Kong ’ s rule of law in asylum dispute over Mong Kok riot fugitives Ray Wong and Alan Li
Beijing urges Germany to respect Hong Kong ’ s rule of law in asylum dispute over Mong Kok riot fugitives Ray Wong and Adam Li
Beijing urges Germany to respect Hong Kong ’ s rule of law in asylum dispute over Mong Kok riot fugitives Ray Wong and Adam Li
Beijing urges Germany to respect Hong Kong ’ s rule of law in asylum dispute over Mong Kok riot fugitives Ray Wong and Adam Li
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam voices ‘ strong objection ’ to Germany granting asylum to Mong Kok riot fugitives Ray Wong and Alan Li
Contrasted legal priorities in Hong Kong and Taiwan , May 2019 : • one legalized same sex marriage and over 300 couples register on the first day • the other is pushing for an extradition law with China , with Beijing claimed to have 300 cases to submit to HK when law is passed .
For 22 Years , The Verve Did n't Own The Rights To 'Bitter Sweet Symphony ' — Here 's The Crazy Story Of The Legal Battle via Digg
Hong Kong leader slams Germany for sheltering Mong Kok riot fugitives via
Can You Sue A Robot ? - Palisades Hudson Financial Group `` Samathur Li Kin-kan , a prominent Hong Kong investor , will test the legal limits of liability . ''
A Hong Kong tycoon is going to court because a supercomputer lost his millions . Who is responsible , the salesperson or the algorithm ? Our legal frameworks do n't address algorithmic accountability . via
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam voices ‘ strong objection ’ to Germany granting asylum to Mong Kok riot fugitives Ray Wong and Alan Li
leader slams Germany for sheltering Mong Kok riot fugitives
Australia & Hong Kong latest countries to change approach to . Companies must have a substantial business presence in host country & definition of expropriation narrowed . But this is still a parallel legal system for international investors & ability to sue
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam voices ‘ strong objection ’ to Germany granting asylum to Mong Kok riot fugitives Ray Wong and Alan Li
Open position : Junior to mid-level Private Client Lawyer , Hong Kong 2PQE + - Jameson Legal - hong kong , Asia -
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam voices ‘ strong objection ’ to Germany granting asylum to Mong Kok riot fugitives Ray Wong and Alan Li
[ NEWS ] Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam voices ‘ strong objection ’ to Germany granting asylum to Mong Kok riot fugitives Ray Wong and Alan Li
Pro-Govt lawmaker Michael Tien votes against the government ’ s proposal to bypass a bills committee & send the controversial fugitives bill to the full council . But the motion was passed by his pro- colleagues in
Civic Party leader Alvin Yeung tried to move an adjournment motion to stop the discussion on what to do on the fugitives bill , but house committee chair Starry Lee refused to let him move the motion , saying she thinks there needs to be a decision today
Our ED , alhadedayothomas had a productive conversation with Bradley Miller , CEO and Antonio Ho , Legal Adviser of the Hong Kong production company We reached mutual understanding towards collaborations…
Deputy House Comm chair Civic Party 's Dennis Kwok : I told CS Matthew Cheung in a regular meeting that 's violated her election pledge that she would n't need 's Liaison Office 2 rally support for govt policies , but now that 's the case over fugitives law
Ahead of a House Comm meeting at 2:30pm , pro-democracy lawmakers stand near the podium , urging the Govt to withdraw the controversial fugitives bill
secretariat has adopted tighter security measures ahead of a lengthy House Comm meeting at 2:30pm on fugitives bill . Reporters are required to stay in designated zones & not go inside meeting rooms , after they did so during two recent chaotic bills comm meetings
3.45pm HKT today , Fiona Phillips , Urszula McCormack , Michelle Chan and I will be speaking on legal , and at the Seventh Annual Institute on Corporate & Securities Law in Hong Kong 2019 . The to is…
On this day in 1898 , upon the advice of American consul Rounsevelle Wildman in Hong Kong and his legal adviser Ambrosio Rianzares Bautista , Emilio Aguinaldo issued a decree creating a dictatorial government with him as Dictator . |
Boy or girl ? Hong Kong at centre of banned China gender test Gender testing is legal in Hong Kong , with some clinics apparently turning a blind eye to the origins of the smuggled samples .
Warning Especially but not restricted to all Residents of : Pakistan [ USDPKR parabolic currency fail & future IMF bail out , Riots , Infltn etc .. ] , Hong Kong [ $ Peg Fail ] , China and S & N Korea , dump Fiat , Quick ideally for Bitcoin imv . See YT Major Macro call on
Warning Especially but not restricted to all Residents of : Pakistan [ USDPKR parabolic currency fail & future IMF bail out , Riots , Infltn etc .. ] , Hong Kong [ $ Peg Fail ] , China and S & N Korea , dump Fiat , Quick ideally for Bitcoin imv . See YT Major Macro call on
Hong Kong extradition law : Beijing-friendly legal heavyweight Albert Chen breaks silence to call for extra safeguards on contentious proposal
A new extradition bill could place Hong Kong within reach of the Chinese legal system , a move that is setting off alarms for residents and businesses alike .
Hong Kong extradition law : Beijing-friendly legal heavyweight Albert Chen breaks silence to call for extra safeguards on contentious proposal
We are looking for Legal Secretary ( litigation ) based in Hong Kong . Competitive rate and reasonable benefits . Email to zoe
Jailed Hong Kong independence activist Edward Leung drops legal challenge over government decision to ban him from running in 2016 Legco election
Hong Kong extradition law : Beijing-friendly legal heavyweight Albert Chen breaks silence to call for extra safeguards on contentious proposal
Hong Kong extradition law : Beijing-friendly legal heavyweight Albert Chen breaks silence to call for extra safeguards on contentious proposal
[ NEWS ] Hong Kong extradition law : Beijing-friendly legal heavyweight Albert Chen breaks silence to call for extra safeguards on contentious proposal
Beijing-friendly legal heavyweight breaks silence to call for extra safeguards on extradition law proposal
Jailed Hong Kong independence activist Edward Leung drops legal challenge over government decision to ban him from running in 2016 Legco election
A Chinese official in Hong Kong is urging the quick passage of legal measures to allow fugitives to be transferred to the mainland .
[ NEWS ] Jailed Hong Kong independence activist Edward Leung drops legal challenge over government decision to ban him from running in 2016 Legco election
Jailed Hong Kong independence activist Edward Leung drops legal challenge over government decision to ban him from running in 2016 Legco election
Jailed Hong Kong independence activist Edward Leung drops legal challenge over government decision to ban him from running in 2016 Legco election
CZ on his legal battles with Sequoia : `` We do n't just play defense . We fight for our industry '' :
Today I ’ m releasing our views on the financial , political , and legal plight of Hong Kong . I think Investors that have assets invested there should immediately move them into USD before it ’ s too late .
`` A regime willing to use kidnapping to arrest its prey will not cavil at lying to do so . '' A chilling exposition by China legal scholar of what Hong Kong 's extradition bill will mean in practice via
Mid-level to Senior IPO associate - Hong Kong - Douglas Scott Legal Recruitment
If it is passed , this extradition bill will signal the virtual end of Hong Kong not just as a distinct city under One Country , Two Systems but also as an international business hub , because nobody in Hong Kong would be safe from the reach of China ’ s legal system ...
`` the mainland has helped Hong Kong in the past by arresting and sending back crime suspects ... it is time for the SAR to start returning the favour . '' Beijing already has a list of 300 fugitives in Hong Kong because of course they do ...
Beijing already wants 300 fugitives back from The mainland already has a list of more than 300 fugitives hiding in Hong Kong that it wants to be sent back over the border , a former deputy minister of public security told RTHK on Wednesday .
A view of Hong Kong 's extradition law from an expert on China 's legal system Why extradition to China is so widely feared via
Taiwan has said yes , it ’ s now Hong Kong ’ s turn to make same-sex marriage legal Hong Kong students say growing public support in the city for same-sex marriage shows the momentum for change in Asia should not stop with Taiwan
Join the Compliance and Legal Conference 2019 in Hong Kong on 29-30 May 2019 >
Finally Hong Kong 's fear of the extradition law from a legal standpoint by via
Fugitives given asylum in Germany is ‘ damaging blow to Hong Kong ’ via
The troubling aftermath of a murder in Taiwan is being used as a fig leaf to erode Hong Kong 's status as a city beyond the reach of the Chinese legal system , Hilton Yip writes .
Germany offers Mong Kok riot fugitives asylum in a ‘ damaging blow ’ to ’ s reputation
has been slow to phase out both the legal and illegal ivory market , even compared to China
Gender testing , illegal in mainland China to curb sex-selective abortions , is still legal in Hong Kong and has led to a thriving blood smuggling trade , with pregnant women ’ s blood samples taken to HK . HK official Kwok Ka-ki said , `` Ethically , this is completely unacceptable . ''
The troubling aftermath of a murder in Taiwan is being used as a fig leaf to erode Hong Kong 's status as a city beyond the reach of the Chinese legal system , Hilton Yip writes .
Two Hong Kong activists wanted over the Mong Kok riots have been granted asylum in Germany
who said that airplane pt . 2 live in hong kong was legal ? cause it ’ s not
Hong Kong fugitives wanted over Mong Kok riots granted asylum in Germany where they have been in hiding since skipping bail almost two years ago
Leaders from the all across Hong Kong are signing agreement to let pigeons massacre become legal
Hong Kong court brings legal certainty with initial rulings :
demands explanation over top legal official ’ s interrogation in , but says incident won ’ t hurt its relationship with city or by
Philippines demands explanation over top legal official ’ s interrogation in Hong Kong , but says incident won ’ t hurt its relationship with city or China
[ NEWS ] Philippines demands explanation over top legal official ’ s interrogation in Hong Kong , but says incident won ’ t hurt its relationship with city or China
Philippines demands explanation over top legal official ’ s interrogation in Hong Kong , but says incident won ’ t hurt its relationship with city or China
Hong Kong fugitives wanted over Mong Kok riots granted asylum in Germany where they have been in hiding since skipping bail almost two years ago
Nick Gall and Ashima Sood contribute the Hong Kong chapter of The International Comparative Legal Guide to : Corporate Recovery & Insolvency 2019 Edition
[ NEWS ] Hong Kong fugitives wanted over Mong Kok riots granted asylum in Germany where they have been in hiding since skipping bail almost two years ago
Hong Kong fugitives wanted over Mong Kok riots granted asylum in Germany where they have been in hiding since skipping bail almost two years ago
Media tycoon Jimmy Lai says would be 'finished ' if changes to the fugitives laws are passed
China makes its case for Hong Kong 's divisive extradition bills : A Chinese official in Hong Kong is urging the quick passage of legal measures to allow fugitives to be transferred to the mainland .
“ In one swoop it finishes . It ’ s a massacre of our freedom , of our legal system , of the . Everything , ” Lai said .
Retired Ombudsman Conchita Carpio-Morales was held Tuesday by Hong Kong immigration authorities for being a “ security threat , ” her legal counsel confirmed READ :
If you 're a lawyer based in Hong Kong considering a move to legal consulting , then join us on the 25 June 2019 at our 'Make Your Move ' event at the A & O offices in Hong Kong . For more information and to register :
We have opportunities for Legal professionals across Hong Kong . For more information please contact Lucy Kennerley on lkennerley or visit
BREAKING : Her legal counsel , Anne Marie Corominas , says Conchita Carpio-Morales is at the Hong Kong Immigration in the airport ’ s Terminal 1 after she and her family flew in from Manila .
Vice Premier Han Zheng expresses support to Govt ’ s proposed changes to fugitives law , saying the proposal is in line with the Basic Law
Civil Human Rights Front to march on 9 June from Causeway Bay to Govt HQ protesting Govt ’ s move to take fugitives bill directly to full meeting . It wants a turnout of over 300,000 . Besides opposing the proposed law , they also want leader to step down
The White House has directed one of its former legal advisers not to testify to a congressional committee about special counsel Robert Mueller 's investigation , now that according to Hongkong Int ' l news ( video ) . That 's !
Hong Kong Legislative Council meeting ended in a brawl with one lawmaker hospitalized-The weekend scuffle concerned a proposed extradition law that would allow the transfer of local residents from K to Mainland China & eviscerate HK ’ s legal independence .
Mission Focus Today : Philippines . Mission for Migrant Workers ( MFMW ) . Migrant Empowerment— supporting Asian domestic workers living in Hong Kong through training in legal , communication and economic skills , mental health , education opportunities and advocacy actions .
A Hong Kong extradition law means the end of ‘ one country , two systems. ’ “ proposed extradition law that would allow the transfer of local residents from Hong Kong to Mainland China and eviscerate Hong Kong 's legal independence. ” via
screening in seattle this weekend . about the 1967 hong kong pro-communist riots and the 2014 umbrella movement
Apple Daily founder Jimmy Lai : fugitives law is the last battle , against the massacre of freedom . Everyone in needs to come out and protest , otherwise by-standers are culprits helping Chief Executive Carrie Lam & the Govt
Apple Daily founder Jimmy Lai : won ’ t leave even though there ’ s the threat from changes to the fugitives law , “ I ’ m the captain ( of his media group ) , I can ’ t jump ship , I ’ m sinking with the ship . My wife would despise me and I won ’ t be worth her love if I jumped ship ”
Apple Daily founder Jimmy Lai : the fugitives law changes would “ finish ” , more serious than National Security Article 23 laws , because it damages “ everything ” , free press , legal system , business environment etc
’ s “ king of judicial review ” Kwok Cheuk-kin challenges Govt proposal to change fugitives law , saying it ’ s an unconstitutional move because the matter touches on foreign affairs . Kwok wants court to halt the legislative proceedings because he argues it ’ s illegal
Leaders from the all across Hong Kong are signing agreement to let pigeons massacre become legal
What does do ?
`` The time for the world to act to protect Hong Kong ’ s free society and legal system is now — not when Hong Kong people and others are taken to be jailed in China , ”
The extradition law will allow “ case-by-case extradition to Mainland & elsewhere. ” China can accuse “ anyone , ” including foreigners living in , “ of one of 37 eligible crimes & demand he be sent to a Mainland court for trial ” in a legal system under control of .
Paralegal / Legal & Compliance Trainee : Cheetah Investment Management Ltd - Causeway Bay , Hong Kong - Cheetah Investment Management Limited is an SFC licensed investment / management advisory firm in Hong Kong… > > For More Jobs – Please Go2 Our Page !
Hong Kong 's always been Heaven for Fugitives from China .
ICYMI -- > > A proposed legal change in Hong Kong has businesses worried about the fate of the city
( Hong Kong ’ s China extradition plan sparks alarm ) Hong Kong 's plans to approve extraditions to the mainland have sparked alarm within the city 's business and legal communities ...
The troubling aftermath of a murder in Taiwan is being used as a fig leaf to erode Hong Kong 's status as a city beyond the reach of the Chinese legal system , Hilton Yip writes .
A new extradition bill could place Hong Kong within reach of the Chinese legal system , a move that is setting off alarms for residents and businesses alike .
`` The time for the world to act to protect Hong Kong ’ s free society and legal system is now — not when Hong Kong people and others are taken to be jailed in China . ''
Hong Kong courts will finally move towards being - via Has your practice gone digital ?
The time for the world to act to protect Hong Kong ’ s free society and legal system is now — not when Hong Kong people and others are taken to be jailed in China . - Martin Lee
“ The time for the world to act to protect Hong Kong ’ s free society and legal system is now — not when Hong Kong people and others are taken to be jailed in China . ”
Edward Liu , legal director of our team discusses how Hong Kong needs to evolve from its traditional role and instead build ' a more grand verve and long-term vision with a `` constructor '' mentality in developing the Bay Area ' Read more :
This movie was pulled a week prior its originally planned release in China , probably because of the Hong Kong riots
Our Senior Partner Colin Cohen today met his old friend and Hong Kong arbitrator Neil Kaplan QC who had just delivered his lecture , “ The Art of Arbitration – A Cooperative Venture ” , at the St Petersburg International Legal Forum
The hearing of fugitive Joseph Lau Luen-hung , who filed a legal challenge last week on the extradition deal between Hong Kong and mainland China , will be heard on June 21 , according to the South China Morning Post ( SCMP ) .
A lot has been said about emerging new legal centers ! Let 's talk about facts now ! ! ! HFW ’ s MAUNReport found that over 1,750 maritime arbitrations were held in London in 2016 , compared to just over 120 cases in Singapore , around 46 in Hong Kong and fewer than 20 in Dubai and Paris
The New York Times Political Prisoners , Demonstrations , Protests and Riots '' Joshua Wong , Hong Kong Protest Leader , to Return to Prison After Appeal '' by AUSTIN RAMZY via NYT
WEDNESDAY ’ S RACING TIPS 8.35 Newmarket - MIGRATION -11/8 6.55 Newmarket - HAMEEM -7/4 7.15 Fontwell - SOUTHFIELD VIC -6/4 4.35 - York - HONG KONG -2/1 Banker Treble 4.15 Perth - LEGAL HISTORY -10/11 3.55 Salisbury - STRATIFICATION -7/4 2.25 York - LAH DI TAR -1/2
Edward Liu , legal director in our office , hosted an alumni interview at the 2nd Global Alumni Conference of Shanghai Maritime University . The to of discussion was 'inheritance and innovation ' . Click the link to read more
At CECCgov hearing nathanlawkc testifies that “ This legal nightmare that we youth leaders have endured is part of a larger strategy by Beijing and the govt to silence critics and threaten Hong Kongers not to participate in peaceful protests . ”
At hearing testifies that “ This legal nightmare that we youth leaders have endured is part of a larger strategy by Beijing and the govt to silence critics and threaten Hong Kongers not to participate in peaceful protests . ”
Hong Kong ’ s justice department will not challenge sentences on Occupy leaders , citing ‘ insufficient legal basis ’
Hong Kong ’ s justice department will not challenge sentences on Occupy leaders , citing ‘ insufficient legal basis ’
[ NEWS ] Hong Kong ’ s justice department will not challenge sentences on Occupy leaders , citing ‘ insufficient legal basis ’
Hong Kong ’ s justice department will not challenge sentences on Occupy leaders , citing ‘ insufficient legal basis ’
He gave assurance that Beijing “ absolutely respects ” Hong Kong ’ s legal system and jurisdiction , calling for Hongkongers not to be worried .
Legal Association Voices Support For Rendition Bill | Hong Kong | China Daily
The has recognized Latham for novel deal work in the 2019 Asia-Pacific Lawyers report . In addition , partner Posit Laohaphan was named among the region ’ s top 10 legal innovators .
* Hong Kong Renditions Law Beset by Protests , Growing Opposition Amid Legal Challenge
It is hard to understand her stand points . But how about sending Fugitives from China to HK for judge ? Any procedures to deal with the suits held in local but suspects staying in China ? , # Offenders Ordinance , ,
We 're excited to announce that is now a top 3 LGBT+ Friendly Employer ( legal sector ) in and a top 10 LGBT+ Friendly Employers ( overall ) in Hong Kong and we have achieved the gold standard in the LGBT+ Inclusion Index
Associate-level Graduate/2nd Jobber for International Legal Headhunting Firm-London , Paris , Hong Kong , Sydney , Midd
“ even China admitted in 1988 that its legal system was ‘ inchoate , ’ ... underdeveloped , and agreed not to raise the issue of criminal extradition ” British colonial gov't was opposed to a Hong Kong-China extradition agreement , declassified files show
Hong Kong is emerging as a legal and dealmaking hub
Riots , water shortages and my extraordinary grandmother in 1967
Important hearing . Two key questions are what are the metrics for `` sufficient autonomy '' and are the current legal & policy instruments adequate ? A policy review may be in order to ensure that existing measures are responsive to the democratic aspirations of the Hong Kong people .
xhong xhong is an acrobat / contortionist . she says she was born in Hong Kong but speaks flawless hungarian . her legal name is joan
The legal fate of Huawei ’ s chief financial officer may hinge on a fateful meeting at a Hong Kong teahouse with an HSBC banker in 2013
Legal and Company Secretarial Advisor , Fintech : Hong Kong - Legal and Company Secretarial Advisor , Fintech [ Description ] Your new role You will assist in preparing , drafting and reviewing of contracts and legal… > > For More Jobs – Please Go2 Our Page !
Congratulations to partner Posit Laohaphan on being named among the region ’ s top 10 legal innovators by the for his role in groundbreaking transactions .
A top international law firm in Hong Kong is looking for Funds Associate . 3-7 PQE Trained and practised at a top tier law firm Strong academics
The deputy head of the Basic Law Committee has voiced support for amendments to legislation on fugitives in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region , saying it is in line with the Basic Law and is urgently needed .
The deputy head of the Basic Law Committee has voiced support for amendments to legislation on fugitives in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region , saying it is in line with the Basic Law and is urgently needed .
Patten said that “ of course the Hong Kong and UK governments intended to exclude China ” when they drafted the extradition law . “ Both Hong Kong and China knew very well that there had to be a firewall between our different legal systems. “
Associate-level Graduate/2nd Jobber for International Legal Headhunting Firm-London , Paris , Hong Kong , Sydney , Midd
( Hong Kong ’ s China extradition plan sparks alarm ) Hong Kong 's plans to approve extraditions to the mainland have sparked alarm within the city 's business and legal communities ...
Fighting breaks out in Hong Kong 's legal assembly - YouTube
Lawyers representing the Hong Kong government in a high-profile LGBTI rights court case appeared to flounder in the final phase of the legal battle . Immigration officer Angus Leung , who married his husband in New Zealand five years ago , sued the government in ....
( Fugitive tycoon to challenge Hong Kong 's extradition plans ) A fugitive billionaire has vowed to launch a legal challenge against Hong Kong 's controversial plan to sign an extradition ...
numerous legal suits for the cancellation . Unless an amicable solution is arrived at out of court , the country stand to pay hefty penalties that might even exceed the Kes.64Billion required to do the Green Terminal.We might find our planes attached once they land in Hongkong 4/4
UTC -7 | THVN — Hong Kong 's opposition lawmakers warn of legal action over controversial extradition bill
I ’ d say it 's first legal drink , but I lived in London for a semester when I was 18 . I ’ d say it 's my first legal drink in America , but I 'm currently traveling through international waters between Hong Kong and Taiwan . So I ’ m having a drink . It ’ s great . Happy birthday to me .
.... Hong Kong . Same-sex marriage is not legal in Hong Kong . The police investigation led nowhere , but Balaoro is now suing the government to make sure he is not at risk again . `` I do not want to fail those LGBT couples '' Balaoro told
Big4 firm spent past 12 months building its arm in & , & is now looking to broaden its reach in Southeast with plans 2 + practice & launch in and ,
extradition bill : financial services sector legislator Christopher Cheung Wah-fung argues that only China ’ s supreme court should be able to request transfer of fugitives : //t.co/3OWG74NM1I via
Calvin Koo ( L ) and Vasu Muthyala ( R ) were out in full force at the Legal Plus “ Are You Affected by Risk ” seminar in Hong Kong this week ! They spoke with GCs and heads of financial institutions on how to manage internal investigations and assess compliance in an evolving market .
extradition bill : Only ’ s supreme court should be able to request transfer of fugitives , says lawmaker
Hong Kong extradition bill : Only China ’ s supreme court should be able to request transfer of fugitives , lawmaker says
Hong Kong extradition bill : Only China ’ s supreme court should be able to request transfer of fugitives , says lawmaker
[ NEWS ] Hong Kong extradition bill : Only China ’ s supreme court should be able to request transfer of fugitives , says lawmaker
Hong Kong extradition bill : Only China ’ s supreme court should be able to request transfer of fugitives , says lawmaker
Lawyer ? 3+ years PQE ? A top tier background ? Looking for an alternative career path ? Hong Kong based ? Legal consulting with Peerpoint could be for you . To find out more or to register for our event :
A proposed legal change in Hong Kong has businesses worried about the fate of the city .
The proposed legal change re : the extradition law in has businesses worried about the fate of the city
The legal fate of Huawei ’ s chief financial officer may hinge on a fateful meeting at a Hong Kong teahouse with an HSBC banker in 2013
Regional Head of Legal ( 12+ PQE ) - 15023/TTL - Singapore ( SG ) - Hughes-Castell ( Hong Kong ) Ltd
An HSBC banker and a huddle in a Hong Kong teahouse at the center of the Huawei CFO 's legal case via
The legal fate of Huawei ’ s chief financial officer may hinge on a fateful meeting at a Hong Kong teahouse with an HSBC banker in 2013
The legal fate of Huawei ’ s chief financial officer may hinge on a fateful meeting at a Hong Kong teahouse with an HSBC banker in 2013 , reports
issued a firm statement on 's extradition bill - it will not negotiate the extradition of a HK man at the centre of the legal row under the pretext of the amendment bill
Edward Liu , legal director in the team comments on the Li Lian International Ltd and Others -v- Herport Hong Kong Ltd and Another [ 2019 ] HKCFI 826 case . Read Edward 's expert commentary here :
A proposed legal change in Hong Kong has businesses worried about the fate of the city
A proposed legal change in Hong Kong has businesses worried about the fate of the city
A proposed legal change in Hong Kong has businesses worried about the fate of the city
A proposed legal change in Hong Kong has businesses worried about the fate of the city
A proposed legal change in Hong Kong has businesses worried about the fate of the city
A proposed legal change in Hong Kong has businesses worried about the fate of the city : A Hong Kong government proposal to allow extraditions to mainland China is stoking fresh anxiety over the resilience of local autonomy in the financially important…
A proposed legal change in Hong Kong has businesses worried about the fate of the city
A proposed legal change in Hong Kong has businesses worried about the fate of the city – CNBC
A proposed legal change in Hong Kong has businesses worried about the fate of the city
Opinion : Opponents to ’ s extradition bill are blind to progress in China ’ s legal system
[ NEWS ] Opponents to Hong Kong ’ s extradition bill are blind to progress in China ’ s legal system
Opponents to Hong Kong ’ s extradition bill are blind to progress in China ’ s legal system
Opponents to Hong Kong ’ s extradition bill are blind to progress in China ’ s legal system
Opponents to Hong Kong ’ s extradition bill are blind to progress in China ’ s legal system
Changes to HongKong extradition laws would put Americans at risk - Hong Kong ’ s extradition treaty with the U.S. may need to be re-examined amid questions over Hong Kong ’ s legal ability to continue to carry out its obligations under the treaty .
Read expert commentary on the Globalink Transportation and Logistics Worldwide LLP -v- DHL Project & Chartering Ltd [ 2019 ] EWHC 225 ( Comm ) case , provided by our specialist Edward Liu , legal director in our Hong Kong office
. advises winning consortium on the development of ; Hong Kong 's largest and most important sports infrastructure project in decades
A new audio recording purportedly of Hong Kong independence activist and fugitive Li Sin-yi has emerged . She 's believed to be in Taiwan where she fled charges related to the Mongkok Fishball Riots of 2016 .
Under the new intermediary regime in Hong Kong , of insurers may need to be licensed if they carry out regulated activities . Partner TL Lim and counsel Jenny Yu explains further in this legal update :
Hong Kong Lawmakers Threaten Legal Challenge Amid Procedural Row Over Renditions Law
THVN-DESK — Hong Kong 's opposition lawmakers warn of legal action over controversial extradition bill
THVN | — Hong Kong 's opposition lawmakers warn of legal action over controversial extradition bill…
Stigmabase — Hong Kong 's opposition lawmakers warn of legal action over controversial extradition bill
Hong Kong 's opposition lawmakers warn of legal action over controversial extradition bill - Hong Kong 's opposition…
: Latest update on the legal battle for same-sex spousal benefits currently battling in the Court of Final Appeals :
A Hong Kong tycoon is going to court because a supercomputer lost his millions via In the world of hedge fund , where AI is creating automatic virtual assistance for human development . What if its triggered wrong ? battle
: Pastor seeks court declaration that marriages he performs are legal :
Hong Kong Lawmakers Threaten Legal Challenge Amid Procedural Row Over Renditions Law
Hong Kong Lawmakers Threaten Legal Challenge Amid Procedural Row Over Renditions Law
Hong Kong Lawmakers Threaten Legal Challenge Amid Procedural Row Over Renditions Law
* Hong Kong Lawmakers Threaten Legal Challenge Amid Procedural Row Over Renditions Law
A Hong Kong tycoon is going to court because a supercomputer lost his millions via > The legal battle is a sign of what ’ s to come as AI is incorporated into all facets of life
Case believed to be the first conviction since recent Hong Kong legal reform to increase the protection of pangolin in accordance with ( maximum penalty for illegally importing an Appendix I species is now a fine of HK $ 10 million and 10 years in jail )
Louis Vuitton takes legal action against shoemaker for copying sneakers design in Hong Kong
's opposition lawmakers warn of legal action over controversial extradition bill
Associate-level Graduate/2nd Jobber for International Legal Headhunting Firm-London , Paris , Hong Kong , Sydney , Midd
A political storm is brewing in Hong Kong . The Lam Administration continues to dissatisfy Hongkongers with its political missteps such as the Lantau reclamation and the extradition bill that allows transfer of fugitives to Taiwan , Macau , and the mainland .
‘ Thanos-like ’ tariff threat to China adds to ‘ risk of global recession ’ . Companies in and rush to seek legal advice amid threat that the United States will increase tariffs on Chinese goods from 10 % to 25 % via
Secretary General Kenneth Chen , who ’ s not appear in public today , gave statement expressing regret over criticism he received . Refused 2 comment abt fugitives law billscomm becuz he ’ s got a legal letter . Didn ’ t answer anything on the circular , why it ’ s issued etc
Associate-level Graduate/2nd Jobber for International Legal Headhunting Firm-London , Paris , Hong Kong , Sydney , Midd
has established a specialist Intellectual Property List in the High Court . Specialist Judges & enhanced management of cases will help save time & money in resolving IP disputes
is taking legal action against Chinese shoe brand Belle International in Hong Kong for copying its sneakers design .
Democratic Party lawmaker James To : will proceed with bills comm meeting without a secretary nor legal adviser ; “ they ’ re not legally required for it to go on ” , as he says meeting on fugitives law will take place so long as there ’ s a quorum
secretariat has now removed fugitives bills committee at 4:30pm from schedule
My Back Pages : The dirty secret of one of the heroes of Hong Kong 's 1967 riots , Peter Godber
Banking , Bitfinex and the Hidden Irony of Crypto ’ s Newest Controversy : When I visited some early bitcoin startups in Hong Kong five years ago , they were unanimous about their biggest challenge : finding a bank that would let them open…
Banking , Bitfinex and the Hidden Irony of Crypto ’ s Newest Controversy : When I visited some early bitcoin startups in Hong Kong five years ago , they were unanimous about their biggest challenge : finding a…
Banking , Bitfinex and the Hidden Irony of Crypto ’ s Newest Controversy : When I visited some early bitcoin startups in Hong Kong five years ago , they were unanimous about their biggest challenge : finding a bank that would let…
Open position : NY Firm | ECM | Legal Assistant | Hong Kong - Horizon Recruitment - Hong Kong , Asia - - Via
Hong Kong ’ s opposition lawmakers warn of legal action over controversial extradition bill .
Hong Kong 's 1967 riots which started 1967 in tures
1967 a workers dispute under Lion Rock sparked a summer of bloody riots in Read all about it :
The problem was Canada 's immigration policy favoured `` investor '' immigrants . In Hong Kong we were told many investors made their money selling Hong Kong apartments their grandparents generation owned when they had little value after WWII . Flipping is legal .
Hong Kong ’ s opposition lawmakers warn they make take legal action over controversial extradition bill
Hong Kong ’ s opposition lawmakers warn of legal action over controversial extradition bill
Hong Kong ’ s opposition lawmakers warn of legal action over controversial extradition bill
Hong Kong ’ s opposition lawmakers warn of legal action over controversial extradition bill
Hong Kong ’ s opposition lawmakers warn of legal action over controversial extradition bill
Associate-level Graduate/2nd Jobber for International Legal Headhunting Firm-London , Paris , Hong Kong , Sydney , Midd
Row over controversial extradition bill in Hong Kong intensifies as legal scholar ’ s call for changes sends shock waves through political circles
Lead with pride ! We 're looking for a Director , Distribution Legal and Compliance in Hong Kong
Hong Kong man at center of extradition legal row jailed for 29 months , may be out as early as October
Legal adviser to Hong Kong ’ s legislature questions why mainland China is not excluded from controversial extradition bill
Leaders from the all across Hong Kong are signing agreement to let pigeons massacre become legal
Legal adviser to Hong Kong ’ s legislature questions why mainland China is not excluded from controversial extradition bill
Row over ’ s extradition bill grows as Legco legal adviser questions proposal
[ NEWS ] Legal adviser to Hong Kong ’ s legislature questions why mainland China is not excluded from controversial extradition bill
Legal adviser to Hong Kong ’ s legislature questions why mainland China is not excluded from controversial extradition bill
TMT/Data privacy – Legal Counsel , Hong Kong , 5+ Years | Vantage Asia – Vantage Asia
Just bin on phone 2 & ( $ 1.2 billion in debt ) about refund of £581.00 for Hong Kong flight tkt . Been waitin 6 wks now . Have to wait another week , then if not recd , think about taking legal action ? Need a funny video to perk me up b4 depression sets in !
’ s Basic Law Committee member Albert Chen : proposed changes to fugitives laws shouldn ’ t be retroactive , courts should have extraterritorial jurisdiction to try residents
A world-leading digital asset exchange is seeking a Regulatory Lawyer to join their growing legal team in Hong Kong .
A wonderful night for at the Awards in Hong Kong . We are delighted to have won Most Firm in Asia-Pacific , Legal Innovator of the Year – and in the of Law : .
Join us ! Our Hong Kong Legal and Compliance Group is looking for a talented executive to fill the role of Senior Director , Corporate Governance Asia
Women partners led Shardul Amarchand Mangaldas & Co team wins * Innovative Lawyer Asia Pacific Award * for 'Innovation in Legal Expertise : Enabling Business Growth and Transformation ' in Hong Kong tonight .
On May 31 , join director Wu Hoi Fai 胡海輝 for a screening of this original theatre production on the 1967 riots of Hong Kong . . . .
China , Hong Kong and Macau . Balance for personal accounts page and that will be disclosed to you by E under this Agreement , including debt collection costs and any legal entity that obtained the Software in a manner that : violate
Risk this approach misunderstands that sexual offences are carried out to control , abuse , harass not only sexual gratification : The legal back-and-forth over upskirt tures in Hong Kong
Popular Hong Kong chain Chung So Si Fong Dessert caught in bitter legal fight after shareholder accused of tucking into US $ 24 million
Popular chain Chung So Si Fong Dessert caught in bitter legal fight after shareholder accused of tucking into US $ 24 million
Popular Hong Kong chain Chung So Si Fong Dessert caught in bitter legal fight after shareholder accused of tucking into US $ 24 million
[ NEWS ] Popular Hong Kong chain Chung So Si Fong Dessert caught in bitter legal fight after shareholder accused of tucking into US $ 24 million
Popular Hong Kong chain Chung So Si Fong Dessert caught in bitter legal fight after shareholder accused of tucking into US $ 24 million
If you 're a lawyer based in Hong Kong considering a move to legal consulting , then be sure to join us on the 25 June 2019 at our 'Make Your Move ' event at the A & O offices in Hong Kong . For more information and to register :
The legal back-and-forth over upskirt tures in Hong Kong
/ To / / / : The back-and-forth over in . Written by . Read more :
The legal back-and-forth over upskirt tures in
[ NEWS ] The legal back-and-forth over upskirt tures in Hong Kong
The legal back-and-forth over upskirt tures in Hong Kong
The legal back-and-forth over upskirt tures in Hong Kong
Excellent roles across Hong Kong and Singapore within Funds - both onshore and offshore . Interested - email your cv to jclayton Call +44 203 984 6565 Nexus Legal Recruitment - Global Search Experts
In 1967 it was perfectly legal for kids to work 60 hours a week
On a lookback in the company of My Extraordinary Aunt to an industrial dispute in a flower factory which started the 1967 riots
Great to share the `` legal hackathon experience '' with Hong Kong Lawyer and best of luck to for Grand Finals in New York ! Will be there in spirit from the other side of the US !
Hong Kong - a place that the British colonizer had to rule with a fairly loose legal hand - has many legal loopholes . And everyone is happy with it , that ’ s how HK rolls . So , why this sudden interest and insistance of the government with these changes to extradition laws ?
The Hong Kong legal arm of Big Four accounting firm Deloitte has made its first partner hires since it launched in January . Peter Chen and Danny Lau join affiliated firm J. E. Jamison & Co. as partners , both from China-based Zhong Lun Law Firm .
The Hong Kong legal arm of Big Four accounting firm Deloitte has made its first partner hires since it launched in January . Peter Chen and Danny Lau join affiliated firm J. E. Jamison & Co. as partners , both from China-based Zhong Lun Law Firm .
Registrations still open ! The lunch seminar on Legal Strategies to a Successful Business Setup – Choosing the Right Corporate Structure , Recruiting , Branding is going to be held in Hong Kong on May 16 , 2019 . Register now
Hong Kong man at centre of extradition legal row jailed for 29 months , may be out as early as October
Hong Kong man at centre of extradition legal row jailed for 29 months , may be out as early as October
tl ; dr : The government of Hong Kong tried to sneak in a law that will extradite suspects to China , under the pretense of solving a legal impasse over an unrelated extradition case . 100k marched to say no to absorption into Chinese `` rule by law '' .
Thousands March in Against Extradition Law : Thousands marched through downtown in opposition to changes an extradition law that many see as eroding the territory 's independent legal system .
HKFP : Hong Kong man at centre of extradition legal row jailed for 29 months , may be out as early as October
Hong Kong judge rules that marriage equality is a legal not religious issue via -
Does any one know which law in Hong Kong governs the ownership of apartments/condominiums etc ? /Legal- >
Both the pro-democracy and pro-Beijing camps have viewed Chan ’ s imprisonment as a brief respite . Hong Kong man at centre of extradition legal row jailed for 29 months , may be out as early as October via
Yesterday in Hong Kong estimated 130,000 protesters join march against proposed extradition law that will allow transfer of fugitives from Hong Kong to mainland China
Hong Kong man at centre of extradition legal row jailed for 29 months , may be out as early as October holmeschan_
Hong Kong man at centre of extradition legal row jailed for 29 months , may be out as early as October
[ NEWS ] Hong Kong man at centre of extradition legal row jailed for 29 months , may be out as early as October
Hong Kong man at centre of extradition legal row jailed for 29 months , may be out as early as October
Hong Kong , LGBT marriage is a legal matter not to be decided by religion . Read MORE
Associate-level Graduate/2nd Jobber for International Legal Headhunting Firm-London , Paris , Hong Kong , Sydney , Midd
CALL FOR SPEAKERS OPEN ! The Annual Conference is LAWASIA ’ s flagship event & the highlight of its professional events programme ! Submit your proposal here
Tens of thousands marched in to reject changes to an extradition law eroding ’ s independent legal system . Many carried yellow umbrellas , recalling the massive 2014
Leaders from the all across Hong Kong are signing agreement to let pigeons massacre become legal
This year OLN has been ranked as one of the three law firms in Hong Kong for the 2019 Employer of Choice , Asia 's Best Law Firms to Work For , by Asian Legal Business . The ranking was recently published by ALB magazine April 2019 Asia Edition .
Huge protest in Hong Kong against China extradition plan Massive crowds carrying yellow umbrellas rally against legal changes that would send people to mainland China for trial .
Thousands of protesters marched through downtown Hong Kong on Sunday in opposition to changes to an extradition law widely seen as eroding the territory ’ s independent legal system
Hong Kong residents protest at plans for extradition to China : “ But the legal system in China changes . They can make up the law and say that people did whatever they want . ”
The public “ consultation ” process on this proposed law left a lot to be desired from Asia ’ s ‘ global city ’ which sees itself & it ’ s legal system on par with UK , Australia etc . : Thousands protest against China extradition law
Estimated 130,000 protesters join march against proposed extradition law that will allow transfer of fugitives from Hong Kong to mainland China
Thousands marched on Hong Kong Parliament to protest new Laws that go against the rights and legal protections that were guaranteed in 1997 . This is not far and outragues as it takes away your # that you were promised .
Thousands of protesters marched through downtown Hong Kong on Sunday in opposition to changes to an extradition law widely seen as eroding the territory ’ s independent legal system .
Estimated 130,000 protesters join march against proposed extradition law that will allow transfer of fugitives from Hong Kong to mainland China
Estimated 130,000 protesters join march against proposed extradition law that will allow transfer of fugitives from Hong Kong to mainland China This is a massive turnout whether it makes a difference is another matter . I hope it does
Thousands take to Hong Kong streets to protest new extradition laws `` They would need to face an unjust legal system on the mainland . '' But Multi-Nationals STILL LOVE China : Apple Google FB etc . Human rights violations up the ass but Libs do n't care : (
130,000 protesters have marched through downtown Hong Kong in opposition to changes to an extradition law that many see as eroding the territory 's independent legal system . 13万人上街 反对香港引渡恶法
Huge protest in Hong Kong against China extradition plan Massive crowds carrying yellow umbrellas rally against legal changes that would send people to mainland China for trial .
Estimated 130,000 protesters join march against proposed extradition law that will allow transfer of fugitives from Hong Kong to mainland China via
Tens of thousands protesters in Hong Kong march against proposed extradition law that will allow transfer of fugitives from Hong Kong to mainland China . : Anthony Kwan
“ The passing of such an amendment would cost Hong Kong its advantages and uniqueness , leaving a big hole in Hong Kong ’ s legal system ... I ’ m here today so that the next generation can continue to live in a free society . ”
Thousands of protesters marched through downtown Hong Kong amid fear that changes to an extradition law will threaten the territory 's independent legal system . Thousands march in Hong Kong against extradition law Thousands of protesters marched through …
“ They would need to face an unjust legal system on the mainland . ''
FOX NEWS : Thousands march in Hong Kong against extradition law Thousands of protesters marched through downtown Hong Kong amid fear that changes to an extradition law will threaten the territory 's independent legal system . …
FOX NEWS : Thousands march in Hong Kong against extradition law Thousands of protesters marched through downtown Hong Kong amid fear that changes to an extradition law will threaten the territory 's independent legal system . …
Thousands march in Hong Kong against extradition law Thousands of protesters marched through downtown Hong Kong amid fear that changes to an extradition law will threaten the territory 's independent legal system . ►
Estimated 130,000 protesters join march against proposed extradition law that will allow transfer of fugitives from Hong Kong to mainland China
FOX NEWS : Thousands march in Hong Kong against extradition law Thousands of protesters have marched through downtown Hong Kong in opposition to changes to an extradition law that many see as eroding the territory 's independent legal system . …
Thousands of protesters marched through downtown Hong Kong on Sunday in opposition to changes to an extradition law widely seen as eroding the territory 's independent legal system .
Estimated 130,000 protesters join march against proposed extradition law that will allow transfer of fugitives from Hong Kong to mainland China | South China Morning Post
Massive turnout in Hong Kong today against proposed extradition law that will allow transfer of fugitives from Hong Kong to mainland China , estimate 130,000 people
Thousands march in Hong Kong against extradition law Thousands of protesters have marched through downtown Hong Kong in opposition to changes to an extradition law that many see as eroding the territory ’ s independent legal system
Thousands march in Hong Kong against extradition law Thousands of protesters have marched through downtown Hong Kong in opposition to changes to an extradition law that many see as eroding the territory 's independent legal system . ►
This is an important demonstration of the Hong Kong people 's determination to preserve and protect their rule-of-law legal system from the long-arm of CCP authortarian rule .
Hong Kong judge rules that marriage equality is a legal not religious issue via -
Hong Kong judge rules that marriage equality is a legal not religious issue
Estimated 130,000 protesters join march against proposed extradition law that will allow transfer of fugitives from Hong Kong to mainland China
Tens of thousands in protest march against proposed extradition law that will allow transfer of fugitives from Hong Kong to mainland China
Tens of thousands in protest march against proposed extradition law that will allow transfer of fugitives from to mainland
Tens of thousands in protest march against proposed extradition law that will allow transfer of fugitives from Hong Kong to mainland China
Seeing a lot of 500HKD notes ( $ 63 ) in collection boxes for the legal defense fund of Hong Kong democracy leaders at protest
We thought the resistance was dead and it was only sleeping Thousands join protest march against proposed extradition law that will allow transfer of fugitives from Hong Kong to mainland China
Thousands join protest march against proposed extradition law that will allow transfer of fugitives from Hong Kong to mainland China
Thousands join protest march against proposed extradition law that will allow transfer of fugitives from Hong Kong to mainland China
[ NEWS ] Thousands set to join protest march against proposed extradition law that will allow transfer of fugitives from Hong Kong to mainland China
Thousands set to join protest march against proposed extradition law that will allow transfer of fugitives from Hong Kong to mainland China
Thousands in are expected to protest against a proposed extradition law amendment that ’ d allow transfer of fugitives to Mainland China , Macau & Taiwan Pictured : protestors in Mainland Chinese police uniform stood guard over a man cuffed to a “ jail cell ”
Hong Kong judge who will rule on whether to allow for + couples rejects bid by Catholic diocese and religious groups to join the court case , saying their arguments are based on social & religious views and not legal considerations
Soldiers of 1st Battalion The Welch Regiment , 1967 Hong Kong riots
So a dude in Hong Kong got the shit kicked out of him for screaming Avengers Endgame spoilers . Good . Now if this were legal to do to half of r/Kappa or most FGC Twitch chats , that would be a sight to behold .
Hong Kong judge rules that marriage equality is a legal not religious issue .
Hong Kong judge rules that marriage equality is a legal not religious issue via -
The Hong Kong Basic Law , which lets Hong Kong have its capitalist economy , currency , legal system , legislative system , and laws on people 's rights and freedom . It will expire in 2047 , fifty years after it took effect .
Hong Kong judge rules that marriage equality is a legal not religious issue
Hong Kong judge rules that marriage equality is a legal not religious issue .
Hong Kong judge rules that marriage equality is a legal not religious issue
Hong Kong judge rules that marriage equality is a legal not religious issue
Hong Kong judge rules that marriage equality is a legal not religious issue via -
Hong Kong judge rules that marriage equality is a legal not religious issue .
We 're hiring a Legal Sales Consultant in Hong Kong ! Apply Today !
Hong Kong bookseller Lam Wing-kee has fled to Taiwan fearing a bill that would allow the city to extradite fugitives to mainland China for the first time . `` Right now Hong Kong is not safe for me anymore , '' he told AFP from Taipei .
Following today 's successful seminar given by José-Antonio Maurellet SC , we are extremely honoured to have Prof. Geraint Howells , Dean of School of Law , City University of Hong Kong , to speak on : 'Legal Regulation for the Fourth…
. and . advise on Shenwan Hongyuan Group 's listing ; Hong Kong 's largest IPO in 2019
CE Carrie Lam attends . HK ’ s strengths in finance & global expertise ranging from fund-raising , insurance and risk management , legal and dispute resolution services , capacity building to cultural exchange to benefit
How Did 137 Kilos of Canadian Weed End Up in Hong Kong ? This article originally appeared on VICE Asia . If you 've been living under a rock and haven ’ t heard yet , weed is legal in Canada . Congratulations , Canadians ! Not just for being able to toke in peace , but for raking in…
The Members of the Maldives Int ’ l Arbitration Centre , Legal Counsel to the President & I had the pleasure of meeting with the Law Society of Hong Kong . We discussed areas of common interest , capacity building & improving mutual co-operation .
Why is the state of NY investigating a crypto exchange that ’ s based in Hong Kong ? How does a US state have any legal jurisdiction in a foreign territory ? It ’ s not like the US owns Hong Kong . Bizarre .
Legal Counsel , Hong Kong , 7+ Years | Vantage Asia – Vantage Asia
Big four ’ s EY Law/ is expanding its legal offerings across Asia . Began in primary markets of Hong Kong and Singapore and is now looking to broaden its reach in Southeast Asia .
Controversial elections have been going on for many years . Just recently Honduras , Venezuela , Hungary , Hong Kong , Singapore , Ukraine , and many more . I believe that the Brexit vote was rigged . The Hondurans knew and the riots and violence still continues .
Opinion : Legal process should take its course so that Hong Kong can move on
What we 're watching : EY . The Big Four accounting firm EY is boosting its legal arm in Hong Kong and Singapore .
What we 're watching : EY . The Big Four accounting firm EY is boosting its legal arm in Hong Kong and Singapore .
Are you a lawyer and would like some international experience ? Get in touch with to discuss the opportunities in
The international community must closely monitor signs of corrosion in Hong Kong 's legal system . The undermining of an independent judiciary will be the death knell of the SAR 's political autonomy .
Too harsh or not severe enough ? Hong Kong ’ s politicians and legal profession split over jail terms for four Occupy leaders
Defunct Exchange Gatecoin Highlights the Need for Regulations for Legal Ownership of Crypto Assets How much of a bitcoin ’ s value can Hong Kong investors claim when the city ’ s oldest cryptocurrency exchange goes bust ?
Judge in Hong Kong LGBT civil union legal challenge rejects bid by Catholic diocese and conservative groups to join the litigation The legal challenge has been brought by a lesbian woman , known only as MK .
The labour union of the State Railway of ( SRT ) has urged the govt to help resolve a legal challenge involving 58 billion baht ( $ 1,8billion ) owed to Hong Kong 's Holdings over a cancelled rail project dating back 1992
5 jobs I ’ ve had 1 . Ice-cream seller on Blackpool beach 2 . Forklift truck driver 3 . Bartender in a Hofbrauhaus 3 . Hong Kong policeman 4 . Regional director of legal aid
TrustToken to Release Four New Stablecoins This Year
Hong Kong ’ s politicians and legal profession split over jail terms for four Occupy leaders – some say sentences are too harsh while others think they should be stiffer
Hong Kong ’ s politicians and legal profession split over jail terms for four Occupy leaders – some say sentences are too harsh while others think they should be stiffer
Hong Kong ’ s politicians and legal profession split over jail terms for four Occupy leaders – some say sentences are too harsh while others think they should be stiffer
[ NEWS ] Hong Kong ’ s legal and political sectors split over jail terms for four Occupy leaders – some say sentences are too harsh while others think they should be stiffer
Legal and Compliance Director ( 9+ PQE ) Shanghai - 15013/TTL - China ( CN ) - Hughes-Castell ( Hong Kong ) Ltd
Discover the top 5 features of ’ s world-class system . Find out more about HK ’ s legal services attributes and unique advantages as a jurisdiction under the principle
The New York Times Demonstrations , Protests and Riots '' Hong Kong Umbrella Movement Leaders Are Sentenced to Prison '' by TIFFANY MAY via NYT
Snapshot of how global rankings reflect ’ s positive story as a vibrant and safe place to live and do business . Under `` One Country , Two Systems '' has strengthened its standing as an intl financial & legal services hub in Asia . via
Hong Kong ’ s securities regulator has issued guidance on security offerings ( ) to clarify legal and regulatory requirements for STO-related activities . > > >
Judge in LGBT civil union legal challenge rejects bid by Hong Kong Catholic diocese and conservative groups to join litigation . Hong Kong generally does not recognise same-sex marriages – except for spousal visas .
An insightful report presents on the changes that IIot is bringing to areas like Hong Kong , China , India , and Singapore – `` Asia is moving from a centre of production to a centre of innovation , '' bringing a number of data and cybersecurity legal challenges with it .
Judge in LGBT civil union legal challenge rejects bid by Hong Kong Catholic diocese and conservative groups to join litigation
Judge in LGBT civil union legal challenge rejects bid by Hong Kong Catholic diocese and conservative groups to join litigation
Judge in LGBT civil union legal challenge rejects bid by Hong Kong Catholic diocese and conservative groups to join litigation
Judge in Hong Kong LGBT civil union legal challenge rejects bid by Catholic diocese and conservative groups to join the litigation
[ NEWS ] Judge in Hong Kong LGBT civil union legal challenge rejects bid by Catholic diocese and conservative groups to join the litigation
Our client , a global manufacturing company in Hong Kong , is seeking a high caliber lawyer to take on a senior legal position based in Hong Kong .
Associate-level Graduate/2nd Jobber for International Legal Headhunting Firm-London , Paris , Hong Kong , Sydney , Midd
Associate-level Graduate/2nd Jobber for International Legal Headhunting Firm-London , Paris , Hong Kong , Sydney , Midd
Is an honour to be legal advisor to the Fiji Chamber of Commerce in Hong Kong and be part of hosting the Fiji Minister of Industry Trade Tourism , Local Government , Housing and Community…
THe fundamental mistake that the show made was not distinguishing Hong Kong from China . They have different laws and legal documents . I saw a Chinese birth certificate being used for someone born in Hong Kong in the show . Or get someone local to check everything .
Associate-level Graduate/2nd Jobber for International Legal Headhunting Firm-London , Paris , Hong Kong , Sydney , Midd
Leaders from the all across Hong Kong are signing agreement to let pigeons massacre become legal
OfficialHCEC 's 21stC NR & Declaration Global First Currencies Directive is launched by Legal Nations , Regions Operations HongKong Legal Official HCEC 21stC Foundation 100 % in Key Principals has informed for respect to be built as New Born in 14-2019 Easter EVER !
LVS Likely Settled for $ 96 Million in Battle with Businessman , Per Earnings Report
Fugitive Law Changes 'Will Uphold Justice , Plug Legal Loopholes ' | Hong Kong | China Daily
Experts Call For Cooperation Between Universities In GBA , HK 's Legal Sector | Hong Kong | China Daily
Now Hiring : Legal Consultant – Derivatives & Structured Products | Axiom : Hong Kong , Hong Kong , China |
Leaders from the all across Hong Kong are signing agreement to let pigeons massacre become legal
If you 're setting up a business but not sure what you need , here ’ s our Hong Kong startup handbook so you can have all your legal basis covered from the get-go !
Deliberate targeting by of LEGAL OBSERVERS shows UK police commanders r worse than Hong Kong police who allowed peaceful Occupy protest for months before adopting such tactics ! ! ! BUT many bobbies totally support the protests ! Peace Love Respectx
Interesting to see whether these products will continue to be called `` meat '' . In many places `` meat '' is a defined , legal term . In Hong Kong , for example : `` the fresh or frozen carcass , flesh or other edible part including edible viscera and offal of an animal ... ''
Activist Lester Shum files legal challenge against gov't plan for Chinese army dock on Hong Kong harbor
Further collaboration should be enhanced between higher education institutions in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area and Hong Kong ’ s legal sector . This is to help build Hong Kong into ...
Indigenous village land policy is unjust , says Hong Kong man in legal challenge
Hong Kong ’ s indigenous village land policy is unjust , legal challenge contends
[ NEWS ] Indigenous village land policy is unjust , says Hong Kong man in legal challenge , as he calls for government to extend it to non-recognised old villages
Indigenous village land policy is unjust , says Hong Kong man in legal challenge , as he calls for government to extend it to non-recognised old villages
Hong Kong ’ s indigenous village land policy unjust , legal challenge contends – South China Morning Post
Indigenous village land policy is unjust , says Hong Kong man in legal challenge , as he calls for government to extend it to non-recognised old villages
CE Carrie Lam says Government is committed to HK 's rise as an international legal and dispute resolution hub . She spoke at the International Dispute Resolution Conference in HK ( Apr 17 ) , co-organised with . 800+ attendees
Our Head of Research Nick Railton-Edwards participated in a panel discussion about legal and documentation issues arising from IM at the Mayer Brown Hong Kong Market Forum
The 38-year-old single mother of five instantly lost the right to healthcare and has had to regularly apply for visa extensions as she navigated Hong Kong 's legal and immigration systems while battling cancer . More here
In a legal dispute at a minimum we expect the Government rep & Judge in Court to know what the law is . Clearly not in this case ! Equality of arms & meaningful access to justice missing in Labour Tribunal . Most marginalised employees at risk .
`` Recent court cases , from Malaysia to Indonesia , from Hong Kong to China , highlight that the legal system not only fails to protect but also is very hostile and punitive toward women survivors . ''
Edward Liu , a legal director with our team , provides expert commentary on the Wolff –v- Trinity Logistics USA Inc [ 2018 ] EWCA Civ 2765 case . This article first appeared in Lloyd 's Shipping & Trade Law , Vol 19 , 5 Apr 2019 . Read more here :
The 38-year-old single mother of five instantly lost the right to healthcare and has had to regularly apply for visa extensions as she navigated Hong Kong ’ s legal and immigration systems while battling cancer .
OfficialHCEC 's 21stC NR & Declaration HongKong LicRole UrgentTransition HKOldConstitution is to an END , subject to hold Legal Status for HKLicRole'sTs & Cs , immediately EXIT Banking & FinancialLaws under Ts & Cs Financial Secretary Paul Chan
Looking Back at the 1967 Hong Kong Riots - Part 1 : The Fire via
Legal sector heavyweights urge withdrawal of Hong Kong 's extradition law update after bill sent to legislature
Hong Kong Democracy Activist Launches Legal Challenge to China 's Naval Dock Plan
Hong Kong Democracy Activist Launches Legal Challenge to China 's Naval Dock Plan
Hong Kong Democracy Activist Launches Legal Challenge to China ’ s Naval Dock Plan – Radio Free Asia ( RFA )
Hong Kong Democracy Activist Launches Legal Challenge to China 's Naval Dock Plan
* Hong Kong Democracy Activist Launches Legal Challenge to China 's Naval Dock Plan
Legal Counsel , Global Bank , Hong Kong , 3-7 Years | Vantage Asia – Vantage Asia
Activist Lester Shum files legal challenge against gov't plan for Chinese army dock on Hong Kong harbour
Activist Lester Shum files legal challenge against gov't plan for Chinese army dock on Hong Kong harbour
Regional Head of Legal ( 12+ PQE ) - 15023/TTL - Singapore ( SG ) - Hughes-Castell ( Hong Kong ) Ltd
Hong Kong government published the Occupational Retirement Schemes ( Amendment ) Bill 2019 on 4 April 2019 . This legal update gives a flavour of the more important consequences of the legislation , and some of the concerns arising from the changes .
Our client is a multinational retail giant and they are currently looking for a Regional Head of Legal based in Singapore/Hong Kong/Shanghai , to support their growing business in the ASEAN region .
Activist Lester Shum files legal challenge against gov't plan for Chinese army dock on Hong Kong harbour krislc chuhoidick
to co-host major International Dispute Resolution Conference in on April 17 . Spotlight on HK ’ s legal services advantages , including growing appeal for to resolve biz conflicts .
Legal Counsel , Financial Institution , Global Markets , Hong Kong , 2-7 Years | Vantage Asia – Vantage Asia
Activist Lester Shum has filed a legal against the Hong Kong government ’ s plan to reclassify a strip of the Central waterfront and give it to the Chinese military based in the city .
[ NEWS ] Activist Lester Shum files legal challenge against gov ’ t plan for Chinese army dock on Hong Kong harbour
Activist Lester Shum files legal challenge against gov't plan for Chinese army dock on Hong Kong harbour
Seeing promoted tweets for `` getting to know Hong Kong 's court system '' . I ca n't think of any positive circumstance where I would `` get to know '' another country 's legal system .
Not 1 reported case in of compensation for . We have functioning courts , legal aid & lawyers in abundance but lack of experience in running these cases . wants to change but no donor will fund trafficking legal experts in our team .
Under the ‘ one country , two systems ’ framework , the UK has a legal and moral responsibility to ensure that Beijing does not undermine freedom of expression and human rights in Hong Kong . -
Associate-level Graduate/2nd Jobber for International Legal Headhunting Firm-London , Paris , Hong Kong , Sydney , Midd
On this and read a Hong Kong survivor ’ s tweets on how the legal system dismisses marital rape , intimate partner violence and child abuse
China believes that more than 300 fugitives from the mainland are lying low in Hong Kong
SCMP : Legal experts warn that the harsh charges used against leaders will have ‘ chilling effect ’ on future of social movement in : //t.co/GmT27EDP9o via
Harsh charges used against Occupy leaders could have ‘ chilling effect ’ on future of social movement in Hong Kong , legal experts warn
“ The bulk of does not make decisions for the lawyer . What it does is supercharge the lawyer. ” - Thomas Chuang repping Team at the ACC APAC Annual Meeting in Hong Kong !
“ Lean on your external counsel if you don ’ t have internal resources to do it. ” - Chris McGaffin , Partner at Slaughter and May Hong Kong on how in-house legal teams can approach at the ACC APAC Annual Meeting
Harsh charges used against Occupy leaders could have ‘ chilling effect ’ on future of social movement in Hong Kong , legal experts warn
[ NEWS ] Harsh charges used against Occupy leaders could have ‘ chilling effect ’ on future of social movement in Hong Kong , legal experts warn
Harsh charges used against Occupy leaders could have chilling effect on future of social movement in Hong Kong , legal experts warn
Our Legal Product Expert Thomas Chuang is speaking on a panel now about how can help in-house teams in their document review workflows - happening now at Island Ballroom B at the inaugural ACC Asia-Pacific Annual Meeting in Hong Kong .
The harsh charges used against Occupy group could have chilling effect on future of social movement in Hong Kong , legal experts warn
Respondents to ISDA ’ s APAC survey ranked Singapore and Hong Kong as the two most important cities in Asia for derivatives trading , citing strong financial market infrastructure and a sound legal and regulatory framework , says ISDA CEO
I ’ m at the ACC Asia-Pacific Annual Meeting taking place today in Hong Kong - come by & have a chat about how Luminance can help in-house legal teams !
The Luminance team is at the ACC Asia-Pacific Annual Meeting happening at the Island Shangri-La in Hong Kong - drop by our booth for a demo of our Compliance platform for in-house counsel .
Today kicks off presented by in Hong Kong . We look forward to a day of highly relevant sessions prepared by and for addressing rising issues , innovation and shared . Stop by and see us in the exhibit hall .
Living with a LOVER IN HONGKONG WHILE STILL MARRIED IN PHILIPPINES is of course , , , , , , ? ? ? ? but for them is legal , , , ACCUSING SOMEONE ELSE & GOSSIPING YOUR INSECURITIES , cOz of JEALOUSY , , , ? ? ? SHE 'S NOT AT ALL INTERESTED WITH YOUR FUCKING LOVER BOY , ,STOP YOUR FUCKING MOUTH , , ,
Under the ‘ one country , two systems ’ framework , the UK has a legal and moral responsibility to ensure that Beijing does not undermine freedom of expression and human rights in Hong Kong . - amcarmichaelMP .news source : LibDems
LibDems : Under the ‘ one country , two systems ’ framework , the UK has a legal and moral responsibility to ensure that Beijing does not undermine freedom of expression and human rights in Hong Kong . - amcarmichaelMP
LibDems : Under the ‘ one country , two systems ’ framework , the UK has a legal and moral responsibility to ensure that Beijing does not undermine freedom of expression and human rights in Hong Kong . - amcarmichaelMP
Under the ‘ one country , two systems ’ framework , the UK has a legal and moral responsibility to ensure that Beijing does not undermine freedom of expression and human rights in Hong Kong . -
Pan-democrats boycott trip over extradition law fears and say top priority is stopping bill that would let send fugitives to the mainland
Associate-level Graduate/2nd Jobber for International Legal Headhunting Firm-London , Paris , Hong Kong , Sydney , Midd
KalizLee : Cover illustration for the 511 issue of City Magazine on legal education in Hong Kong .
Pan-democrats boycott China trip over extradition law fears and say top priority is stopping bill that would let Hong Kong send fugitives to the mainland
Thrilled to be the Associate Partner with JC Legal . We can leverage each other ’ s expertise in both legal and Will writing to offer the best possible and pleasant service experience to our clients .
HONG KONG : What does `` substantial connection '' mean in legal proceedings ?
As we take a break at in Hong Kong , would like to thank all of our gold sponsors and Legal Managed Services for supporting this event !
Pan-democrats boycott China trip over extradition law fears and say top priority is stopping bill that would let Hong Kong send fugitives to the mainland
Pan-democrats boycott China trip over extradition law fears and say top priority is stopping bill that would let Hong Kong send fugitives to the mainland
[ NEWS ] Pan-democrats boycott China trip over extradition law fears and say top priority is stopping bill that would let Hong Kong send fugitives to the mainland
Hong Kong is unreal . Walking the streets slurping noodles dodging the innumerable construction sites hopping over rats weaving up and down dark stair-stepped alleys and being offered all manner of legal illegal and ...
Beijing breaks silence amid legal pushback – Hong Kong Standard
9 democracy activists convicted in Umbrella Movement trial in Hong Kong : In a Hong Kong court Tuesday afternoon , barristers in black robes and curly white wigs spoke for hours in British-accented English on legal precedence in cases of… TheResistance
TheEconomist : Most fugitives from the mainland lying low in Hong Kong are suspected of economic crimes such as corruption
TheEconomist : Most fugitives from the mainland lying low in Hong Kong are suspected of economic crimes such as corruption
Most fugitives from the mainland lying low in Hong Kong are suspected of economic crimes such as corruption
We wish good luck to our Head of Research , Nick Railton-Edwards , for his participation in a panel discussion about legal and documentation issues at the Hong Kong Margin Forum . He will be joined by industry experts from Brown , and
Shark Trade Company - Fully Legal and Transparent ! There are registration documents in the United States , Estonia , Hong Kong ! License for financial activities . There is a possibility…
The Securities and Futures Commission of has issued a reminder about the legal and regulatory requirements in respect of security token offerings .
As Hong Kong legal system faces pressure from Beijing , Canada 's ex-top judge prepares to wade in
Found this report on as “ deal-making and dispute resolution hub ” . What does rule of law and legal system as infrastructure-marketing mean ?
The Securities and Futures Commission of has issued a reminder about the legal and regulatory requirements in respect of security token offerings .
Lawyers who change the world for the better - Today I wish to highlight the amazing work of Piya Muqit , executive director of the Justice Centre , a local non-profit organisation providing legal support to asylum-seekers in Hong Kong…
Hong Kong : Hong Kong Monetary Authority Issues Circular on Cryptoassets | Global Legal Monitor
When govt says courts and legal system will keep rendition in check , today 's court ruling shows toilet paper provides more protection from abuse of the law than HK courts
This assessment by is unfortunately true . Law must be readily known & available , as well as certain & clear . Legal uncertainty is a rule of law issue in Hong Kong that is increasingly a problem & needs more attention . Too many overlook & do n't reference appropriately .
Speaking with Andrew Cooper about impact of on legal training to law students at City University , Hong Kong , at the kind invitation of Profession David Tully . Wonderful engagement from our next generation of lawyers , embracing the positives in this di…
Hong Kong changes extradition laws to include handing fugitives over to mainland China .
20190408 : Tom Blackwell : As Hong Kong legal system faces pressure from Beijing , Canada 's ex-top judge prepares to wade in [ Beverley McLachlin [ `` Hong Kong ’ s Court of Final Appeal regularly imports temporary foreign members , a quirky practice laid out in the Basic Law ''
We are committed to the further development of our legal capabilities in Hong Kong and , with the addition of Bonnie Yung and Jason Wang , will be better equipped to reinforce corporate finance capabilities in Hong Kong .
Hong Kong rallies against amendment allowing extradition of “ fugitives ” to China HK
Legal sector heavyweights urge withdrawal of Hong Kong 's extradition law update after bill sent to legislature
Legal sector heavyweights urge withdrawal of Hong Kong 's extradition law update after bill sent to legislature
Legal sector heavyweights urge withdrawal of Hong Kong ’ s extradition law update after bill sent to legislature – Hong Kong Free Press
Legal sector heavyweights urge withdrawal of Hong Kong 's extradition law update after bill sent to legislature
As Hong Kong legal system faces pressure from Beijing , Canada 's ex-top judge prepares to wade in
Legal sector heavyweights urge withdrawal of Hong Kong 's extradition law update after bill sent to legislature
As Hong Kong legal system faces pressure from Beijing , Canada 's ex-top judge prepares to wade in via
As legal system faces pressure from , 's ex-top judge prepares to wade in via
As Hong Kong legal system faces pressure from Beijing , Canada 's ex-top judge prepares to wade in
Is Canada 's ex-top judge joining a legal system that 's `` dying '' at China 's hands , or still robust ? Beverley McLachlin takes part-time Hong Kong court appointment amid fears about judicial independence in city .
Is Canada 's ex-top judge joining a legal system that 's `` dying '' at China 's hands , or still robust ? Beverley McLachlin takes part-time Hong Kong court appointment amid fears about judicial independence in city . via
Manager , Legal job at Cigna - Wan Chai , Hong Kong…
AFAIK : There is no legal way to obtain `` wild caught '' abalone commercially in ...
As Hong Kong legal system faces pressure from Beijing , Canada 's ex-top judge prepares to wade in
As Hong Kong legal system faces pressure from Beijing , Canada 's ex-top judge prepares to wade in - ... | -
Two Filipino mothers lose final legal bid to stay in Hong Kong with their children
A really enjoyable Masterclass on Innovation & KM with Legal folks hosted by Janice Record DLA Piper Hong Kong . Thx also to my co facilitator and Les Hales of HKKMS who helped set it up . Here ’ s hoping next two days at KM Asia are as productiv…
As Hong Kong legal system faces pressure from Beijing , Canada 's ex-top judge prepares to wade in
As Hong Kong legal system faces pressure from Beijing , Canada ’ s ex-top judge prepares to wade in – National Post
As Hong Kong legal system faces pressure from Beijing , Canada ’ s ex-top judge prepares to wade in – National Post
[ NEWS ] Legal sector heavyweights urge withdrawal of Hong Kong ’ s extradition law update after bill sent to legislature
Legal sector heavyweights urge withdrawal of Hong Kong 's extradition law update after bill sent to legislature holmeschan_ AmChamHK
Legal sector heavyweights urge withdrawal of Hong Kong ’ s extradition law update after bill sent to legislature
Legal sector heavyweights urge withdrawal of Hong Kong 's extradition law update after bill sent to legislature
Hong Kong 's courts have upheld a rather odd and discriminatory right allowing male offspring of indigenous villagers to build houses . did a nice report explaining this legal battle back in February
The Securities and Futures Commission of has issued a reminder about the legal and regulatory requirements in respect of security token offerings .
Hong Kong will not postpone China extradition law plan despite legal challenge , says Chief Exec . Carrie Lam
Our team recently contributed to the 'State of Legal Innovation in Asia Pacific ' report . Interesting developments in Australia , China , Hong Kong , Malaysia , Russia , Singapore and South Korea . You can access the report by clicking on this link :
Senior Legal Counsel , Competition Law
- Hong Kong police issue remedial guidelines on tackling upskirting to plug legal loophole – but lawyers have doubts about solution
Hong Kong police issue remedial guidelines on tackling upskirting to plug legal loophole – but lawyers have doubts about solution
Cover illustration for the 511 issue of City Magazine on legal education in Hong Kong .
In 1967 it was perfectly legal for kids to work 60 hours a week
The Securities and Futures Commission of has issued a reminder about the legal and regulatory requirements in respect of security token offerings .
Hong Kong rallies against amendment allowing extradition of “ fugitives ” to China · Global Voices
Hong Kong will not postpone China extradition law plan despite legal challenge , says Chief Exec . Carrie Lam
Leaders from the all across Hong Kong are signing agreement to let pigeons massacre become legal
Ten overseas Chinese groups in North America have issued a joint statement urging the Hong Kong government to withdraw its controversial proposal that would allow fugitives to be handed over to mainland China .
Hong Kong police issue remedial guidelines on tackling upskirting to plug legal loophole – but lawyers have doubts about solution
Hong Kong police issue remedial guidelines on tackling upskirting to plug legal loophole – but lawyers have doubts about solution
[ NEWS ] Hong Kong police issue remedial guidelines on tackling upskirting to plug legal loophole – but lawyers have doubts about solution
Hong Kong police issue remedial guidelines on tackling upskirting to plug legal loophole – but lawyers have doubts about solution
Hong Kong rallies against amendment allowing extradition of “ fugitives ” to China
The current legal and policy instruments available to US policymakers seem inadequate for protecting the fundamental rights of Hong Kong people while punishing actual wrongdoers , i.e. , the CCP . More precise and targeted legal instruments may be necessary .
It 's not just a nebula full of space mines , it 's food riots as well in Last Fleet at One Shot Saturday .
Appreciate the opportunity to talk last week about Smart Legal Contracts at Hong Kong University with ContractPen Accord Project Agreements Network , and briefly the other businesses in the smart legal contract area .
Honored to be part of Generali Asia Legal & Compliance @ Hong Kong
Some of our clients want to know where is free . Here is a list : - Singapore - Belarus - Barbados - Belize - Hong Kong - Malaysia - Mauritius Disclaimer : This is not tax or legal advice , consult with a tax specialist in your country .
The Securities and Futures Commission of has issued a reminder about the legal and regulatory requirements in respect of security token offerings .
Fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau files legal challenge against Hong Kong 's China extradition law plan 來自
Two Filipino mothers lose final legal bid to stay in Hong Kong with their children
Legal Experts : Extradition Law Amendment Protects Rights | Hong Kong | China Daily
Employment law differs significantly in Hong Kong from legal requirements in the United States , particularly in 11 key areas .
Associate-level Graduate/2nd Jobber for International Legal Headhunting Firm-London , Paris , Hong Kong , Sydney , Midd
HONG KONG — After business groups had criticized a plan to ease rendition of fugitives between Hong Kong and jurisdictions including mainland China , the Hong Kong government pulled back , a little .
Two Filipino mothers lose final legal bid to stay in Hong Kong with their children
On the Legal Nature of Cryptoassets : Waiting for Godot ? | Machine Lawyering | CUHK Faculty of Law | CFRED | Hong Kong
Hong Kong rallies against amendment allowing extradition of “ fugitives ” to China `` it only takes the chief executive ’ s signature for a person to be extradited to the mainland , or even North Korea ''
Hong Kong : Follow the Basics in Employment Law : Employment law differs significantly in Hong Kong from legal requirements in the United States , particularly in 11 key areas .
Two Filipino mothers lose final legal bid to stay in Hong Kong with their children
nytimes : After an outcry from the business community , Hong Kong said that it will drop some economic crimes from a proposed extradition law that would allow fugitives to be sent to mainland China . But many are still worried about China 's reach .
After an outcry from the business community , Hong Kong said that it will drop some economic crimes from a proposed extradition law that would allow fugitives to be sent to mainland China . But many are still worried about China 's reach .
Two Filipino mothers lose final legal bid to stay in Hong Kong with their children
Associate-level Graduate/2nd Jobber for International Legal Headhunting Firm-London , Paris , Hong Kong , Sydney , Midd
After an outcry from the business community , Hong Kong said that it will drop some economic crimes from a proposed extradition law that would allow fugitives to be sent to mainland China . But many are still worried about China 's reach .
Hong Kong chief Carrie Lam refuses to say if she trusts mainland 's legal system , as gov't tables China extradition law
Two Filipino mothers lose final legal bid to stay in Hong Kong with their children
Two mothers lose final legal bid to stay in with their children
Two Filipino mothers lose final legal bid to stay in Hong Kong with their children
Proposed amendments to the law that will allow the transfer of fugitives from Hong Kong to Mainland China on a case by case basis `` will not only threaten the safety of journalists but also have a chilling effect on freedom of expression ''
[ NEWS ] Two Filipino mothers lose final legal bid to stay in Hong Kong with their children
Hong Kong will look into real reasons for extradition requests before moving fugitives , justice minister Teresa Cheng says
Leaders from the all across Hong Kong are signing agreement to let pigeons massacre become legal
New database - Lexis Advance Hong Kong Provides a comprehensive collection of legal materials from the UK , the US , the EU , Canada , Australia , New Zealand , China , Hong Kong , Singapore , Malaysia , and other regions of the world . for details see
Hong Kong chief Carrie Lam refuses to say if she trusts mainland 's legal system , as gov't tables China extradition law
Hong Kong chief Carrie Lam refuses to say if she trusts mainland 's legal system , as gov't tables China extradition law - Hong Kong Free Press
Hong Kong rallies against amendment allowing extradition of `` fugitives '' to China via
Hong Kong rallies against amendment allowing extradition of `` fugitives '' to China via
Is this not the real question that Lam should answer ? Hong Kong chief Carrie Lam refuses to say if she trusts mainland 's legal system , as gov't tables China extradition law via
Hong Kong rallies against amendment allowing extradition of `` fugitives '' to China -wake up Silvani & Merkel via
So angry that Carrie Lam ruining Hong Kong Legal system !
Hong Kong Pushes to Change Extradition Law Despite Opposition
Hong Kong chief Carrie Lam refuses to say if she trusts mainland 's legal system , as gov't tables China extradition law via
rallies against amendment allowing extradition of `` fugitives '' to ( where they are at risk of ) via
'HORSE POWER ' , CHINA & INDIA . One city in CHINA – Hong Kong – generated $ 103.9 billion in 2013-14 from horse wagering turnover . The EARNING of revenue from CHINA on selling off-course legal signal on wagering , on E-Totalisators , WILL help TILT trade balance in our favour .
'HORSE POWER ' , CHINA , & INDIA . One city in CHINA – Hong Kong – generated $ 103.9 billion in 2013-14 from horse wagering turnover . The EARNING of revenue from CHINA on selling off-course legal signal on wagering , on E-Totalisators , WILL help TILT trade balance in our favour .
Hong Kong exempted some economic crimes from a proposal to ease extraditions to mainland China , raising an awkward question : if the PRC legal system can ’ t fairly adjudicate those crimes , why should it be trusted with others ?
After an outcry from the business community , Hong Kong said that it will drop some economic crimes from a proposed extradition law that would allow fugitives to be sent to mainland China . But many are still worried about China 's reach .
[ NEWS ] Hong Kong chief Carrie Lam refuses to say if she trusts mainland ’ s legal system , as gov ’ t tables China extradition law
Hong Kong chief Carrie Lam refuses to say if she trusts mainland ’ s legal system , as gov ’ t tables China extradition law
Hong Kong chief Carrie Lam refuses to say if she trusts mainland 's legal system , as gov't tables China extradition law ClaudiaMCMo chuhoidick demosisto krislc
Hong Kong 's affordable housing crisis is a good reminder that when legal means to build housing are closed , housing gets built illegally . In this case , illegally subdivided tiny flats , but the constraint here has more to do with land than regulation .
Hong Kong chief Carrie Lam refuses to say if she trusts mainland 's legal system , as gov't tables China extradition law
Hong Kong will not transfer political fugitives , justice minister says via
Hong Kong rallies against amendment allowing extradition of “ fugitives ” to China `` With extradition to the mainland , Hong Kong becomes a dark prison . Stop the evil law . ''
Hong Kong Advances Extradition Law to Allow Suspects to Be Sent to Mainland China for Trial Hong Kong has put forward a controversial extradition bill that would allow the transfer of fugitives to China to stand trial , stoking fears that the city ’ s freedoms and legal protec…
`` The media groups said the proposed legal amendments will make it possible for the mainland authorities to demand the surrender of journalists in Hong Kong on all kinds of unfounded charges . ''
will not transfer political fugitives , justice minister Teresa Cheng says
[ NEWS ] Hong Kong will look into real reasons for extradition requests before moving fugitives , justice minister Teresa Cheng says
Hong Kong will not transfer political fugitives , justice minister says Sounds fair and for the court to judge ; and not by public opinion .
Hong Kong will not transfer political fugitives , justice minister says – South China Morning Post
Hong Kong will look into real reasons for extradition requests before moving fugitives , justice minister Teresa Cheng says
Hong Kong 's leaders launched laws on Wednesday to change extradition rules to allow people to be sent to mainland China for trial , standing fast against growing opposition to a move many fear could further erode the city 's legal protections .
Searing insight into the fight for justice for Filipino domestic helper who died of cancer . When she told her boss she had cancer and was going through radiotherapy , she was fired . When she died , Legal Aid dropped her case . via
`` Chen Zhimin , a former deputy minister of public security , told reporters in Beijing last month mainland authorities already had a list of more than 300 fugitives who are in Hong Kong . ''
It was an honour to be one of the sponsors of the Global Legal Hackathon in Hong Kong . Innovation is in demand and that 's why GLH was a success ! Here 's a rundown of the
HONG KONG / CHINA / CONTROVERSIAL NEW EXTRADITION LAW IN HONG KONG : `` AMENDMENT TO THE FUGITIVE OFFENDERS ORDINANCE & THE MUTUAL LEGAL ASSISTANCE IN CRIMINAL MATTERS ORDINANCE '' / FEARS OF NEW LAW BEING USED BY CHINA TO HARASS & APPREHEND HONG KONG JOURNALISTS CRITICAL OF CHINA :
Major developments in today . : LegCo is session NOW for controversial update to extradition law - facilitates 'transfer ' of 'suspects'/'fugitives ' ; PLUS appeal against conviction on 'contempt of court ' today
Just now : Responding to the Bar Association 's criticism about 's upcoming extradition law update , Chief Exec . Carrie Lam insists there is a legal loophole . Full story :
Just now : Responding to the Bar Association 's criticism about 's upcoming extradition law update , Chief Exec . Carrie Lam insists there is a legal loophole . Full story :
Leaders from the all across Hong Kong are signing agreement to let pigeons massacre become legal
‘ We won ’ t put on hold important work , ’ leader Carrie Lam says in firm stance against legal challenge by fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau over extradition plan by
Hong Kong rallies against amendment allowing extradition of “ fugitives ” to China
Hong Kong rallies against amendment allowing extradition of “ fugitives ” to China · Global Voices
Hong Kong rallies against amendment allowing extradition of “ fugitives ” to China | Khalil Humam -
Briefs | HK ’ s Carrie Lam digging in over extradition - Macau Daily Times Briefs | HK ’ s Carrie Lam digging in over extradition Macau Daily Times Hong Kong Chief Executive Carrie Lam is refusing to back down after fugitive Joseph Lau 's legal challenge to a proposed extraditio
Hong Kong ’ s professional body for barristers has ramped up criticism of the government ’ s controversial plan to allow the transfer of fugitives to mainland China , Taiwan and Macau .
What an absolutely awesome question today ! This is the technical and legal part of insurance , but could be very important to you .
Hong Kong will not postpone China extradition law plan despite legal challenge , says Chief Exec . Carrie Lam
Hong Kong will not postpone China extradition law plan despite legal challenge , says Chief Exec . Carrie Lam
Thousands in Hong Kong Protest China Extradition | Radio Free Asia ( RFA ) ...
Lam says no plans to put extradition bill on hold amid tycoon ’ s legal bid via
Hong Kong SFC announced STO legal and regulatory requirements here is a summary Legal stauts Licensing requirement Marketing restriction Due diligence Discussing with Regulators
Lam says no plans to put extradition bill on hold amid tycoon ’ s legal bid Lau has no legal right to demand against the extradition laws . Hong Kong is not the place for criminals to hide .
Hong Kong Bar Association issued 2nd obersvations on the Fugitive Offenders and Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters Legislation ( Amendment ) Bill 2019
‘ We won ’ t put important work on hold , ’ Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam says in face of legal challenge against extradition plan by fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau
[ NEWS ] ‘ We won ’ t put important work on hold , ’ Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam says in face of legal challenge against extradition plan by fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau
‘ We won ’ t put on hold important work , ’ Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam says in the face of legal challenge against extradition plan by fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau
‘ We won ’ t put on hold important work , ’ leader Carrie Lam says in the face of legal challenge against extradition plan by fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau by
“ The government is facing legal challenges on a daily basis . But that does n't mean that we should put on hold important work which is for the public interest of * , '' * she means
‘ We won ’ t put on hold important work , ’ Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam says in the face of legal challenge against extradition plan by fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau
Tbh even if this `` Ms. Seol '' is real , we need to understand the nature of this negotiation . Is it just a Hong Kong agent trying to work together ( in a legal manner ) with LM regarding Kang Daniel 's solo promotion overseas ? Then what 's so wrong about it ?
[ NEWS ] Hong Kong will not postpone China extradition law plan despite legal challenge , says Chief Exec . Carrie Lam
Carrie Lam isn ’ t afraid of Joseph Lau ’ s judicial review ? Hong Kong will not postpone China extradition law plan despite legal challenge , says Chief Exec . Carrie Lam via
Hong Kong will not postpone China extradition law plan despite legal challenge , says Chief Exec . Carrie Lam krislc
Hong Kong will not postpone China extradition law plan despite legal challenge , says Chief Exec . Carrie Lam
WATCH : Thousands take to the Hong Kong streets to protest plans to approve extraditions to China 's mainland . The proposal sparked alarm within the city 's business and legal communities who fear it will reduce Hong Kong 's international appeal .
Fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau files legal challenge against Hong Kong 's China extradition law plan krislc freedomhouse
Fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau files legal challenge against Hong Kong 's China extradition law plan
Hong Kong billionaire Joseph Lau has launched a legal challenge against proposed changes to the city 's extradition law that would allow suspects to be handed over to other Chinese jurisdictions
Hong Kong people ( with legal residency , born & bred , bred ) are called 'Hongkongers ' nowadays . : )
Junior Derivatives and Structured Finance Associate - Hong Kong - Hong Kong , Hong Kong Island - QED Legal
The Securities and Futures Commission of has issued a reminder about the legal and regulatory requirements in respect of security token offerings .
The planned changes have been strongly opposed by some lawmakers , legal and rights groups who fear that it could be exploited by ’ s Communist Party leaders and hurt ’ s judicial independence .
More than 10,000 people marched in Hong Kong to protest `` the worst law in history '' ! HK Government has gazetted the amendment to the Fugitive Offenders Ordinance . If it passes through the HK Government , it has the power to transfer the fugitives in HK to the Mainland for trial .
Thousands of people joined a in district in yesterday against the government ’ s proposal to extradite fugitives to
Legal and Compliance Director ( 9+ PQE ) Shanghai - 15013/TTL - China ( CN ) - Hughes-Castell ( Hong Kong ) Ltd
Hong Kong billionaire Joseph Lau argues that the law ’ s passage would remove his legal protection from having to serve prison time
Hong Kong billionaire Joseph Lau argues that the law ’ s passage would remove his legal protection from having to serve prison time
Hong Kong billionaire Joseph Lau argues that the law ’ s passage would remove his legal protection from having to serve prison time
Hong Kong billionaire Joseph Lau argues that the law ’ s passage would remove his legal protection from having to serve prison time
Hong Kong billionaire Joseph Lau argues that the law ’ s passage would remove his legal protection from having to serve prison time
Senior Group Legal Adviser ( 15+ PQE ) - 15007/TTL - Hong Kong ( HK ) - Hughes-Castell ( Hong Kong ) Ltd
Hong Kong billionaire Joseph Lau argues that the law ’ s passage would remove his legal protection from having to serve prison time
billionaire Lau argued that the law ’ s passage would remove his legal protection from having to serve prison time via
SCMP : Fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau launches legal challenge against Hong Kong government proposal to change extradition law
Fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau launches legal challenge against govt proposal to change extradition law ; he was jailed in absentia by Macau court for his part in massive bribery scandal , in HK since 2014 : //t.co/RXGLpeENMO via
New report says Hong Kong National Anthem Law is 'legal malware ' which threatens rule of law and freedoms
Fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau launches legal challenge against Hong Kong government proposal to change extradition law - interesting !
HONG KONG A has vowed to a challenge against Hong Kong 's controversial plan to sign an agreement with Macau , and mainland , his said on Monday ( April 1 ) . Hong Kong property tycoon Joseph Lau is in
Fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau files legal challenge against Hong Kong ’ s China extradition law plan – Hong Kong Free Press
[ NEWS ] Fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau files legal challenge against Hong Kong ’ s China extradition law plan
Lau seems not wanting to challenge the whole law - he was just asking Hong Kong court to declare the law has no retrospective effect JUST IN : Fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau files legal challenge against Hong Kong 's China extradition law plan via
JUST IN : Fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau files legal challenge against Hong Kong 's China extradition law plan krislc freedomhouse
JUST IN : Fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau files legal challenge against Hong Kong 's China extradition law plan
Fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau launches legal challenge against Hong Kong government proposal to change extradition law
[ NEWS ] Fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau launches legal challenge against Hong Kong government proposal to change extradition law
Three restaurants have stopped serving fresh tuna after samples of their products were found to contain mercury levels in excess of the legal limit , the Hong Kong Economic Journal reports .
Fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau launches legal challenge against Hong Kong government proposal to change extradition law
Fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau launches legal challenge against Hong Kong government proposal to change extradition law
Fugitive tycoon Joseph Lau launches legal challenge against government proposal to change extradition law
: tycoon Joseph Lau launches legal challenge against gov ’ s proposed changes to laws ⁦
Thousands take to streets against ’ s extradition proposal . Organisers say 12,000 took part in the rally against plan to send fugitives across the border .
Pelosi expressed ‘ deep concern ’ over Hong Kong plan to extradite fugitives to mainland China
The Hong Kong government proposed that the city 's chief executive should be given powers to send fugitives and suspects to jurisdictions not covered by existing arrangements , including to mainland and .
Since Hong Kong reverted from British to Chinese rule in 1997 with the guarantee that it would enjoy a high degree of autonomy and freedoms not allowed in mainland China , there has been no formal mechanism for the surrender of fugitives to mainland China .
The Hong Kong government proposal , announced in February , would grant the city 's leader executive power to send fugitives to jurisdictions not covered by existing arrangements , including Mainland China and Taiwan .
20190331 : AP : Thousands march in Hong Kong over proposed extradition law changes [ `` proposal , announced in February , would grant the city 's leader executive power to send fugitives to jurisdictions not covered by existing arrangements , including Mainland China and Taiwan ''
`` A business environment needs a very clear legal system . If you have a regulation reversing that and making the legal system less clear ... it will absolutely have a huge impact on Hong Kong 's economic development and business activities , '' said Felix Chung , a pro-Beijing legislat
The proposal , which will be debated in Hong Kong 's legislature on Wednesday ( Apr 3 ) , would allow the transfer of fugitives with Taiwan , Macau and mainland China on a `` case-basis '' for the first time .
Hong Kong 's plans to approve extraditions to the mainland have sparked alarm within the city 's business and legal communities who fear it will hammer the financial hub 's international appeal and tangle people up in China 's opaque courts .
Organisers say 12,000 took part in a rally against Hong Kong 's plan to send fugitives across the border to mainland China .
Blackwater founder 's Hong Kong firm signs Xinjiang training camp deal OMG ! Why haven ’ t carried this ? Training concentration camp guards ? If true , how can this be legal ?
Among the marchers preparing to set off from Wan Chai this afternoon are this group of legal and accounting professionals . Although few in number , they represent subsectors on the chief executive election committee , so in Hong Kong ’ s system , their voices matter more than most
Made a short video to briefly talk about my MPhil thesis on the legal production of land ( in ) justice in Hong Kong . I 'm not a native English speaker , but practice makes perfect , and this is a way towards improvements .
Hong Kong 's plans to approve extraditions to the mainland have sparked alarm within the city 's business and legal communities who fear it will hammer the financial hub 's international appeal ...
Hong Kong ’ s China extradition plan sparks alarm : Hong Kong ’ s plans to approve extraditions to the mainland have sparked alarm within the city ’ s business and legal communities who fear it will hammer the financial hub ’ s international appeal and tangle…
Lawyers & technologists unite during LegaLTech hackathon in Hong Kong . Participants deployed a legal contract on Ethereum in less than 60 minutes via - The future of law is here . Thanks to relentless Brian Tang for bringing great minds together .
Sidestepping the actual extradition question , the uproar and fears over the financial hub are mildly alarmist . Hong Kong has seen its ups and downs since TianAnMen , Occupy , and a myriad of legal and financial issues directly affect ... via
Hong Kong 's plans to approve extraditions to the mainland have sparked alarm within the city 's business and legal communities who fear it will hammer the financial hub 's international appeal and ...
as recent arrests of Canadians put to the test international trust for China 's judiciary independence below 70 's on WJP score , national legal reforms are time-consuming while court judgments of foreigners decline foreign investment satisfaction , Hong Kong judiciary is an asset .
China has 1 excellent judiciary score found in Hong Kong . The appeal of this judiciary branch , an asset/strength of economic appeal . Rather then declining this valuable judiciary asset , may this strength serve as national model for legal reforms in China .
New report says Hong Kong National Anthem Law is ‘ legal ’ which rule of law and freedoms -- - -- -
At a conference in Hong Kong on legal capacity laws in Chinese-speaking Asian countries . Fascinating !
Leaders from the all across Hong Kong are signing agreement to let pigeons massacre become legal
Looking for a Legal role in Hong Kong ? Check out our latest vacancies at
Hong Kong ’ s plans to sign an extradition agreement with mainland China has sparked widespread alarm , not just for dissidents but among business and legal figures and even some fairly pro-Beijing lawmakers . and report
Pelosi expressed ‘ deep concern ’ over Hong Kong plan to extradite fugitives to mainland China - POLITICO
This multinational TMT company is seeking a senior transactional lawyer with business acumen to join its well-established legal team in Hong Kong .
# . forced wifi disconnects none stop in Hong Kong and no legal basis for any of it sir . no comment . source unknown and no wrong doing on my part as there always never was .
Pelosi expressed 'deep concern ' over Hong Kong plan to extradite fugitives to mainland China
'Legal malware ' : National anthem law will enable Beijing to tighten grip on Hong Kong , says new report krislc kevincarrico hk_watch benedictrogers
'Legal malware ' : National anthem law will enable Beijing to tighten grip on Hong Kong , says new report
Hong Kong regulator just issued a statement on Security Token Offerings ( STOs ) clarifying the legal and regulatory requirements applicable to parties engaging in STOs . If you just have 1 minute , these are the 5 things you need to know :
‘ Legal malware ’ : National anthem law will enable Beijing to tighten grip on Hong Kong , says new report – Hong Kong Free Press
Learn about and smart contracts using Open Law & Accord Project/ ContractPen , & then create innovative solutions for private and public sector benefit ! Sign up now :
A well-established medical group is seeking a Senior Legal Advisor to support its growing business in Hong Kong and PRC .
'Legal malware ' : National anthem law will enable Beijing to tighten grip on Hong Kong , says new report via
'Legal malware ' : National anthem law will enable Beijing to tighten grip on Hong Kong , says new report
'Legal malware ' : National anthem law will enable Beijing to tighten grip on Hong Kong , says new report
'Legal malware ' : National anthem law will enable Beijing to tighten grip on Hong Kong , says new report - Hong Kong Free Press
‘ Legal malware ’ : National anthem law will enable Beijing to tighten grip on Hong Kong , says new report – Hong Kong Free Press
'Legal malware ' : National anthem law will enable Beijing to tighten grip on Hong Kong , says new report krislc kevincarrico hk_watch benedictrogers
'Legal malware ' : National anthem law will enable Beijing to tighten grip on Hong Kong , says new report
[ NEWS ] ‘ Legal malware ’ : National anthem law will enable Beijing to tighten grip on Hong Kong , says new report
US House speaker Nancy Pelosi has expressed ‘ deep concern ’ over Hong Kong plan to extradite fugitives to mainland China , visiting opposition politicians say via
`` U.S. House speaker Nancy Pelosi has expressed 'deep concern ' over Hong Kong plan to extradite fugitives to mainland China , visiting opposition ...
Our is in Hong Kong this wkend speaking on legal capacity reforms
Pelosi expressed ‘ deep concern ’ over Hong Kong plan to extradite fugitives to mainland China via
US House speaker Nancy Pelosi has expressed ‘ deep concern ’ over Hong Kong plan to extradite fugitives to mainland China , visiting opposition politicians say
Saturday ’ s conference in Hong Kong - legal capacity reforms in Chinese-speaking Asia . I ’ ll be sharing thoughts on strategic litigation .
U.S. House speaker Nancy Pelosi has expressed deep concern over a Hong Kong government plan to allow the transfer of fugitives to mainland China , according to a delegation of pro-democracy politicians who met her on Tuesday . via
U.S. House speaker Nancy Pelosi has expressed deep concern over a Hong Kong government plan to allow the transfer of fugitives to mainland China , according to a delegation of pro-democracy politicians who met her on Tuesday .
Nancy Pelosi ‘ deeply concerned ’ about Hong Kong ’ s plan via
James Hanratty 's book ( see last Tweet ) : The Making of an Immigration Judge encompasses his varied life , told with geniality/humour . It includes a six year stint in Hong Kong as Legal Adviser leading up to Handover . Great stuff . More at 6.30pm
Pelosi expressed ‘ deep concern ’ over Hong Kong plan to extradite fugitives to mainland China via
Pelosi expressed ‘ deep concern ' over Hong Kong plan to extradite fugitives to mainland China
US House speaker Nancy Pelosi has expressed ‘ deep concern ’ over Hong Kong plan to extradite fugitives to China
Why ‘ s new framework will be a magnet for
Blockchain Empowers Digital Business Ecosystem Esmond TongVice President , Innovation Oracle May ChewCIOAPL Logistics Lionel Louie CargoSmart - Hong Kong Ltd Yeo Teck GuanCTOfficer , Singapore Pools , John HoHead , Legal , Financial Markets , Standard Chartered .
Pelosi expressed ‘ deep concern ’ over Hong Kong plan to extradite fugitives to mainland China - POLITICO
’ s cabinet reduced the number of economic meriting to yesterday . This is unlikely to address wider concerns over the countries ’ differing legal systems
US House speaker Nancy Pelosi has expressed ‘ deep concern ’ over plan to extradite fugitives to mainland via
Nancy Pelosi ‘ deeply concerned ’ about Hong Kong ’ s fugitives plan Two elderly ladies having a chit chat over nothing either one can do .
Pelosi expressed ‘ deep concern ’ over Hong Kong plan to extradite fugitives to mainland China - POLITICO
Pelosi expressed ‘ deep concern ’ over Hong Kong plan to extradite fugitives to mainland China - POLITICO
Pelosi expressed ‘ deep concern ’ over Hong Kong plan to extradite fugitives to mainland China – POLITICO
* Pelosi expressed ‘ deep concern ’ over Hong Kong plan to extradite fugitives to mainland China
Pelosi expressed ‘ deep concern ’ over Hong Kong plan to extradite fugitives to mainland China
SCMP : US House speaker Nancy Pelosi has expressed ‘ deep concern ’ over Hong Kong plan to extradite fugitives to mainland China , visiting opposition politicians say
Junior Derivatives and Structured Finance Associate - Hong Kong - Hong Kong , Hong Kong Island - QED Legal
US House speaker Nancy Pelosi has expressed ‘ deep concern ’ over Hong Kong plan to extradite fugitives to mainland China , visiting opposition politicians say
Hong Kong Refugee Who Sheltered Snowden Granted Asylum In Canada Vanessa Rodel and her daughter , Keana , arrived in Montreal on Tuesday after years of living in legal limbo . They and other refugees helped NSA leaker Edward Snowden after he fled the U.S. ( Image credit : Cole …
US House speaker Nancy Pelosi has expressed ‘ deep concern ’ over Hong Kong plan to extradite fugitives to mainland China , visiting opposition politicians say
US house speaker Nancy Pelosi ‘ deeply concerned ’ about Hong Kong ’ s fugitives plan
[ NEWS ] US House speaker Nancy Pelosi has expressed ‘ deep concern ’ over Hong Kong plan to extradite fugitives to mainland China , visiting opposition politicians say
US House speaker Nancy Pelosi has expressed ‘ deep concern ’ over Hong Kong plan to extradite fugitives to mainland China , visiting opposition politicians say
Are you feeling the heat of legal directory submission season already ? Well , I ’ m here to help . Tomorrow I ’ ll be with ICON Hong Kong , kindly hosted by to update firms on 2020 APAC guide and give some tops tips on submissions
Hong Kong Refugee Who Sheltered Snowden Granted Asylum In Canada : Vanessa Rodel and her daughter , Keana , arrived in Montreal on Tuesday after years of living in legal limbo . They and other refugees helped…
A proposed law would allow Hong Kong to more easily transfer of fugitives to Taiwan , Macau , mainland China or any jurisdiction with which it doesn ’ t have an extradition agreement
The Fugitive Offenders & Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters Legislation ( Amendment ) Bill 2019 will be gazetted on March 29
A proposed law The proposed law would allow Hong Kong to more easily transfer of fugitives to Taiwan , Macau , mainland China or any jurisdiction with which it doesn ’ t have an extradition agreement
A proposed law The proposed law would allow Hong Kong to more easily transfer of fugitives to Taiwan , Macau , mainland China or any jurisdiction with which it doesn ’ t have an extradition agreement
We 've now officially opened our office with a new Managing Director to help us expand our service into :
`` If we were forced to return to Saudi Arabia , we will face death either by our family or the government . '' These sisters are stuck in legal limbo after being intercepted in Hong Kong HKsisters6
`` If we were forced to return to Saudi Arabia , we will face death either by our family or the government . '' These sisters are stuck in legal limbo after being intercepted in Hong Kong
The decision allows Philippines national Vanessa Rodel and her 7-year-old daughter Keana to leave Hong Kong after living in the city without proper legal status for ...
`` I 'm so excited . I ca n't sleep , '' said the woman who housed Edward Snowden in Hong Kong after he leaked classified docs in 2013 She has been given refugee status in Canada after living without legal status in Hong Kong for years …
Calling Hong Kong law students - Applications for Summer Legal Fellowships are Open ! Join us today to make access to just compensation a reality for migrant workers in Hong Kong and across the region . More details are available at the link .
The decision allows Philippine national Vanessa Rodel and her 7-year-old daughter to leave Hong Kong after living in the city without proper legal status for years .
`` I 'm so excited . I ca n't sleep , '' said the woman who housed Edward Snowden in Hong Kong after he leaked classified docs in 2013 She has been given refugee status in Canada after living without legal status in Hong Kong for years
`` If we were forced to return to Saudi Arabia , we will face death either by our family or the government . '' These sisters are stuck in legal limbo after being intercepted in Hong Kong
These sisters are stuck in legal limbo after being intercepted in Hong Kong
The prevalent use of apps brings new legal , professional conduct and security challenges to and that are significant and worthy of attention . Orrick 's Carmen Wong explains in this article for Hong Kong Lawyer :
CMS Hong Kong is proud to have been recognised as the 'New Asian Office of the Year ’ at the Asia Legal Awards 2019 , hosted by The Asian Lawyer in association with The American Lawyer , China Law & Practice and Legal Week .
HT China/Hong Kong The document ’ s publication comes as concern grows in legal and business circles that the proposed extradition law & plan to uphold judgments made in China on “ civil & commercial matters ” , could lead to miscarriages of justice &
We ’ re a sponsor of Hong Kong Anti-Corruption Forum tomorrow . Attendees will have the opportunity to join in-depth workshops focusing on the latest issues presented by top domestic and international firms . Sign up :
`` If we were forced to return to Saudi Arabia , we will face death either by our family or the government . '' These sisters are stuck in legal limbo after being intercepted in Hong Kong HKsisters6
`` If we were forced to return to Saudi Arabia , we will face death either by our family or the government . '' These sisters are stuck in legal limbo after being intercepted in Hong Kong
The implementation of United Nations Security Council Sanctions by the Hong Kong Authorities . Learn more from our latest legal update :
Snapshot of how global rankings reflect ’ s positive story as a vibrant and safe place to live and do business . Under `` One Country , Two Systems '' Hong Kong has strengthened its standing as an international financial and legal services hub in Asia .
Migrant face abuse and racial discrimination , some live in slave-like conditions and all grapple with a lack of legal protection or channels to voice their concerns in Singapore , Malaysia and HongKong .
Leaders from the all across Hong Kong are signing agreement to let pigeons massacre become legal
What is rule of law ? Let see how different parties interpreted this concept : D Ceremonial Opening of the Legal Year 2019 , Hong Kong 二○一九年法律年度開啟典禮 via Copyright of the video TMHK
“ We live in a complex society and a complex world in which people constantly and critically question the validity of decisions which affect them. ” Hong Kong Chief Justice speech at Ceremonial Opening of the Legal Year 2019
The plaid pantry on 50th where I bought my first legal six pack is now a combo “ Hong Kong cafe and hair studio ” so the UDistrict isn ’ t 100 % gentrified lmao
“ How to not get sued ” panelists highlight the importance of seeking legal advice when needed and to be as accurate , unbiased and balanced as possible to avoid any ordeal .
. was honored to receive three awards during ALM ’ s 2019 Asia Legal Awards ceremony , including an individual “ M & A Lawyer of the Year ” award for Hong Kong partner Marcia Ellis :
Vena Energy 's projects in Indonesia which we advised on project development and project financing , won `` Finance Deal of the Year : Projects '' at the Asia Legal Awards 2019 , in Hong Kong last night . Read more here :
HongKong not legalizing same-sex marriage anytime soon because it 's `` controversial '' : Chief Exec Now : 1 . HK govt has legal obligation to ensure right to non-discrimination ; 2 . HK people 's support for gay marriage has surged
Our client is looking for a Senior Legal Counsel in Hong Kong . Talk to our consultant for more details .
[ FANCAM ] 190321 and at the ⁠ in Hong Kong day 2 ⁠ | Cr . 901seconds_jk ⁠ ⁠ ( * ) Alooo ! ? Esto es legal ?
Legal Counsel , Public M & A ( 4+ PQE ) , Hong Kong-listed technology conglomerate | Vantage Asia – Vantage Asia
Legal Counsel , Real Estate company , Hong Kong , 5+ Years | Vantage Asia – Vantage Asia
Leaders from the all across Hong Kong are signing agreement to let pigeons massacre become legal
THEYRE PLAYING STRANGERS BY HALSEY IN HONG KONG YES A GAY ANTHEM IN A COUNTRY WHERE GAY MARRIAGE ISNT LEGAL
On 1 March , Mayer Brown hosted a seminar , “ Pro Bono Opportunities : Street Law and University-based Legal Clinic '' , for lawyers , NGOs and law students in our Hong Kong office .
SCMP : Hong Kong independence activist Edward Leung in legal limbo as jury continues to deliberate over his role in 2016 Mong Kok riot
Carrie Lam says there is a `` perception issue '' about the erosion of Hong Kong 's `` one country , two systems '' framework . She says every decision that is taken by the administration is legal and that the judiciary here is independent .
Slaughter and May chooses Hong Kong once more for rare partner hire – Legal Business
Hong Kong independence activist Edward Leung in legal limbo as jury continues to deliberate over his role in 2016 Mong Kok riot
Hong Kong independence activist Edward Leung in legal limbo as jury continues to deliberate over his role in 2016 Mong Kok riot
Hong Kong independence activist Edward Leung in legal limbo as jury continues to deliberate over his role in 2016 Mong Kok riot
[ NEWS ] Hong Kong independence activist Edward Leung in legal limbo as jury continues to deliberate over his role in 2016 Mong Kok riot
Legal Director ( 10+ PQE ) Chengdu - 14984/TTL - China ( CN ) - Hughes-Castell ( Hong Kong ) Ltd
Funds Partner - Hong Kong - Hong Kong - Jameson Legal Limited
Hongkong 1997 returned Legal After 70 years . China 'sProperty need to return Also By law Hos about VPN , Google , face , and About the part of information technology , especially of the internet , I do not know about it . Need a clearly rule for the internet !
It 's a huge challenge for general counsel to spur innovation in their legal departments . In Hong Kong this April at our inaugural meeting , we will be conducting a workshop on how to develop metrics to drive change .
An ivory store in Hong Kong . When coming into Hong Kong , there are signs saying it 's illegal to bring in / take out ivory from Hong Kong . So why is a store like this allowed to exist ? The owner indicated his business is legal . Today on Queens Road Central .
Associate-level Graduate/2nd Jobber for International Legal Headhunting Firm-London , Paris , Hong Kong , Sydney , Midd
Thanks to for this article about our new affiliation with Beijing Zhongjian Law Firm and our 2018 affiliation with in Hong Kong . We 're delighted to expand our services to companies and individuals across Asia .
Private Client / Wealth - Hong Kong - Partner - Hong Kong - Jameson Legal Limited
Hong Kong 's legal framework is generally in line with the international standard however , some improvements are required to ensure the availability of beneficial ownership information on all entities and legal arrangements
We 're looking forward to the Asia Legal Awards 2019 on Thursday this week where Carey Olsen is shortlisted for best offshore law firm . A great endorsement of our offering in Singapore and Hong Kong .
`` Business leaders , lawmakers and foreign chambers of commerce are voicing concerns over the controversial legal change , warning [ that the erosion of rights it entails ] could damage Hong Kong 's reputation as a business hub and prompt overseas companies to leave the city . ''
Asset Finance Associate - Hong Kong - Douglas Scott Legal Recruitment Limited
Within the next decade , millions of jobs will be replaced by machines , or to put it gently , “ automated ” . The legal industry is not immune to this change and neither is your role in it .
In other news , I kinda liked the first ICEMAN so I was interested in seeing the follow up . The legal feud between Yen and the producers dampened my desire to see it in Hong Kong last fall . Well , I finally scratched that itch and let ’ s never talk about it again .
Former Chinese minister says extradition arrangement needed because Hong Kong 'hosting 300 fugitives '
GS1 Hong Kong is now a Registration Agent of Legal Entity Identifiers ( LEIs ) , Extending…
Legal eduication heavyweight Peter Crisp to head up ULaw ’ s Hong Kong campus - Legal Cheek
After an ex-mainland official said Beijing has a list of hundreds of fugitives hiding in , Security Secretary John Lee says the SAR does n't have any figures
Associate-level Graduate/2nd Jobber for International Legal Headhunting Firm-London , Paris , Hong Kong , Sydney , Midd
Associate-level Graduate/2nd Jobber for International Legal Headhunting Firm-London , Paris , Hong Kong , Sydney , Midd
5 women were arrested on Friday after storming the Hong Kong government ’ s headquarters to condemn a proposal to allow the transfer of fugitives from the city to mainland China . The protesters included 3 members of party & 2 students
Reminder of the valuable work done by documenting the trials of Hong Kong pro-democracy leaders and activists : in total 48 cases against 32 pro-democracy leaders 14 sentences so far . 16 Legco members have faced legal proceedings
The only LEGAL and yet once undesirable and ongoing unfortunate owner of Hong Kong is still the legal successor to the WW2 Japanese Imperial soldiers , of course no restarting of WW2 again by them .
UK laws can only be administered again in Hong Kong by using a 100 % SIMILARITY to the real UK laws but avoiding in being IDENTICAL , this concept in law is to avoid the legal heredity of pre 1945 UK laws which was applied in Hong Kong before .
1 ) UK is coming back to Hong Kong and administer Hong Kong through an absence of any valid legal avenue , UK is imply liable for the good and bad things they had done to Hong Kong since illegally ruling Hong Kong from 1945 .
SCMP : Beijing weighs in on Hong Kong extradition plan , urging doubters to respect the legal process , after Law Society calls for alternatives
The proposal has been strongly opposed by some lawmakers , legal and rights groups who fear such it could be exploited by Beijing ’ s Communist Party leaders and lead to an erosion of Hong Kong ’ s judicial independence .
Beijing weighs in on Hong Kong extradition plan , urging doubters to respect the legal process , after Law Society calls for alternatives I ’ m really starting to wonder if the “ Trade Deal ” with China has a double meaning .
Beijing weighs in on extradition plan , urging doubters to respect the legal process , after Law Society calls for alternatives
[ NEWS ] Beijing weighs in on Hong Kong extradition plan , urging doubters to respect the legal process , after Law Society calls for alternatives
Beijing weighs in on Hong Kong extradition plan , urging doubters to respect the legal process , after Law Society calls for alternatives
Beijing weighs in on Hong Kong extradition plan , urging doubters to respect the legal process , after Law Society calls for alternatives
New post : GS1 Hong Kong is now a Registration Agent of Legal Entity Identifiers ( LEIs ) , Extending Support to the
Nine protesters arrested for storming government HQ over proposal to extradite fugitives to mainland
LVS Abruptly Settles 15-Year Court Battle with Richard Suen , Figure Not Disclosed
GS1 Hong Kong is now a Registration Agent of Legal Entity Identifiers ( LEIs ) , Extending Support to the Financial Services Industry
5 protesters arrested in Hong Kong over proposed extradition law which may allow fugitives to be extradited to mainland China
GS1 Hong Kong is now a Registration Agent of Legal Entity Identifiers ( LEIs ) , Extending Support to the Financial Services Industry
Hong Kong police on Friday arrested five women who staged a protest inside the government 's headquarters over a proposal to allow fugitives to be extradited to mainland China , stoking human rights concerns .
Hong Kong police on Friday arrested five women who staged a protest inside the government 's headquarters over a proposal to allow fugitives to be extradited to mainland China , stoking human rights concerns .
Hong Kong police on Friday arrested five women who staged a protest inside the government 's headquarters over a proposal to allow fugitives to be extradited to mainland China , stoking human rights concerns .
Hong Kong activist files legal challenge against gov't decision not to prosecute ex-leader CY Leung
Trust Focus Week : An Introduction to Trusts – A Medieval Concept Still Relevant Today
Protesters arrested in Hong Kong over proposed China extradition law Hong Kong police on Friday arrested five women who staged a protest inside the government ’ s headquarters over a proposal to allow fugitives to be extradited to mainland China , stoking h…
SCMP : Protesters arrested after storming Hong Kong government headquarters over proposal to extradite fugitives to mainland China
Foreign countries have returned fugitives to China , so why won ’ t Hong Kong ?
Protesters arrested after storming Hong Kong government headquarters over proposal to extradite fugitives to mainland China
Former Chinese minister says extradition arrangement needed because Hong Kong 'hosting 300 fugitives ' holmeschan_ demosisto
Advancing the Rule of Law and reimagining the Practice of Law with innovation in legal technology Introducing Lexis Advance Hong Kong , our latest legal research platform for comprehensive and in-depth legal content
Hong Kong ’ s security chief on Wednesday hit out at growing opposition to a government proposal to allow the transfer of fugitives from the city to mainland China , Taiwan and other jurisdictions not covered by existing extradition agreements
Protesters arrested after storming government headquarters over proposal to extradite fugitives to mainland .
Protesters storm Hong Kong government headquarters over proposal to extradite fugitives to mainland China
Protesters storm government headquarters over proposal to extradite fugitives to mainland
[ NEWS ] Foreign countries have returned fugitives to China , so why won ’ t Hong Kong ?
Foreign countries have returned fugitives to China , so why won ’ t Hong Kong ?
[ NEWS ] Protesters storm Hong Kong government headquarters over proposal to extradite fugitives to mainland China
Protesters storm Hong Kong government headquarters over proposal to extradite fugitives to mainland China
Undisclosed : , Businessman End Their 15-Year Legal Case
Undisclosed settlement : Las Vegas Sands , Hong Kong businessman end their 15-year legal case

